camera neg 96.txt i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ? 
music neg 575.txt the cd came as promised and in the condition promised . i 'm very satisfied 
dvd neg 391.txt this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch , the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama . my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i was n't in the mood she forced me to watch this , the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet , this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand . overall the film was just o.k. i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again , if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did . 
health neg 848.txt the braun ls-5550 silk&soft bodyshave rechargeable cord / cordless women 's shaver is absolutely useless , not fit for purpose 
camera pos 577.txt when it comes to buying camcorders , i personally like the one with the build in memory . but after using this camcorder i was forced to change my mind . unlike other sony camcorders , first of all , it offers upto 40x zoom which is a lot . its a good use of your money . you can have it for under $400 and still works better than a lot of choices out there . easy to use , touch screen , takes still photos , has a good speaker so it 's easier to record video and voice , fits into your palm so to speak , and if you use rewritable mini dvds , you would n't have to worry about go out of memory . so when it comes to sony camcorders , i would say the better quality of this one would get the job done properly . 
dvd neg 400.txt i had high hopes for this series when i started watching it , though i guess the nonstop obscenities should have been the tip off that under all of that visual masterwork and spiritually stunning characterizations there lurked an twisted message that wasted ten hours of my life to discover . shandala is truly a wonderful character , pure and good , and the characterization of her is very tender , so by episode 21 or so the storyline actually looked like it could end hopeful and uplifting . oh , how wrong of me to think so , because for all of the philosophical and religious trappings , the message of " hope " the marketers promise is that the characters learn in the end that the villain 's demented plan to save the world is really more effective than their spiritualities and that the " truth " is that the emotional and physical torture and destruction of an innocent , good woman is the only way to save the world ! spare me . and if you think that i am disgusted by this message , just imagine what the muslims will think when they see what becomes of all of that quoting of the koran and the muslim character 's final opinions . although the story is technically good , i 'm only giving it one star for the message of despair . 
software neg 40.txt the program works fine on windows xp and is easy to use . it lets you print cards of many sizes . the big disappointment is in the number of cards that comes with the program . the back of the box claims & quot ; 4500+ cards and sentiments , celebrate life 's special moments with cards for all occasions&quot ; . that 's nice . the problem with that is that i counted the total number of cards that come with the program . it only adds up to 1045 ! so where are the other 3450+ cards and sentiments ? are you supposed to design them yourself ? i just do n't know . and certainly & quot ; cards for all occasions&quot ; means just that , does n't it ? well there 's lots of birthday cards and plenty of holiday cards but not one sympathy card of any kind . i guess you just need to buy those on your own 
software pos 856.txt so i did the unthinkable . i put windows vista business on my mac- -specifically my mac mini . it works great , no system slow downs and no crashes . the mac handles vista beautifully . i had no problems using boot camp 1.2 in order to install it . the mac drivers for vista ( included with boot camp ) all worked fine . the vista installation took all of about 30 minutes including some updates and such . i had windows xp home on my mac b4 and while it worked well , vista business works much more smoothly . as you may or may not know a mac mini is not exactly a powerhouse computer . i have a 1.66 gigahertz core duo with 1gb of ram on it . it displays the aero interface perfectly especially hooked up to my 32 inch widescreen lcd tv . seems even the lowest cost mac can still make vista shine while most pcs cant . one disclaimer tho . all intel macs can run vista ultimate without a hitch except the mac mini ( which can only go up to business / home premium ) while vista is still behind os x 10.4 ( tiger ) its a much better release from xp . now im just waiting to upgrade my little mac mini in october for the release of os x 10.5 ( leopard ) 
health pos 391.txt i bought one of these ' gizmos ' as a gift 3 years ago and i was so happy to find it on here ! ! it is like going to a salon and getting the best shampoo ever ! 
camera neg 617.txt i thought i was upgrading from analog to digital but after seeing the videos i shot indoors i liked the analog better . very poor and grainy . also the focus is terrible ! while filming 3 people in a row moving from one to the other the focus would blur then refocus . i filmed my daughter 's ballet recital and could not believe how the auto focus kept bluring then focusing . very disappointed with this purchase . i guess it 's true what they say . " you get what you pay for " it seems under $600.00 does n't get you much 
health neg 598.txt i did n't realize there was hfcs ( high fructose corn syrup ) in these bars . if you work out or are health conscience , then i would suggest doing a little online research about harmful effects of hfcs . i 'm about to switch up my protein bars . 
music pos 737.txt sometimes i like to look up and see what i can find on some of my favorite bands from the 70 's and starz being one of them . i was lucky enough to see the band play a few times around 77 and 78. another band that took time for their fans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i read through the many reviews of posted here on amazon and not sure if there is much that i can add , also great to see that there were so many out there that enjoyed the band and their music . i would recommend reading about each of the starz cd 's and listening to the sound files if available and deciding for yourself....... . i remember i liked this cd so much and the logo as well , i even hand - made a stencil and made my own starz shirt , i think i used some of that gold " glue on glitter " in a tube and had one of the first starz shirts , before the band even had any if i remember right . lots of good songs on this cd , pull the plug being one of my favorites both on the lp / cd and live . all good rock songs from a band that deserved a lot more........ . i could go on trying to describe the music......... . too bad there are no sound files for this cd...... . so you may just have to order it and take a chance . the remaining members have played a few shows during the past year or so and guitar player richie ranno continues to be active in the music business , you may even want to go over to starzcentral to get updated and see what richie and the band are up to . singer michael lee smith also had a brother that had his own band and later ventured into hollywood...... . but this is about starz ! ! ! ...so... . i highly recommend checking out the cd 's and starzcentral . not to be confused with the movie channel or another band from europe that is using the name recently 
music neg 631.txt & quot ; modern&quot ; usually sounds like some outdated mid-80s new wave album by the cars , flock of seagulls , or somesuch . it is not a punk record , mostly midtempo pop . the three songs diggle wrote and sings on are basically awful ; shelley 's are considerably better - the usual wry lyrics and great hooks . i would say about 3 or 4 of the tunes are topnotch buzzcocks stuff ; newbies should buy & quot ; operator 's manual&quot ; or & quot ; going steady . &quot ; or dig up the amazing & quot ; different kind of tension&quot ; from a used record store somewhere ! also , see them live if you have a chance 
music pos 505.txt not only do you get some great music with this cd , you get the beginnings of climax as well . ( the last 2 cuts are essentially sonny geraci solo songs done by 1 / 2 of the band that would play on climax records ) includes their 4 hits ( time wont let me , girl in love , respectable & help me girl ) and a slew of other very like-minded material . if you like any of their 4 hits , you will love the rest . if you like climax , you should buy this for the 2 last songs which are essentially climax tunes 
camera neg 725.txt my husband and i bought two of these to take on a cruise for our snorkling outting . due to weather , the snorkeling was canceled , but we did end up using the cameras . one we used for regular pictures , outdoor only , beacuse there 's no flash , and it was okay , though the pictures were a bit grainy . the other i took on a camping trip with some high school kids and the camera jammed a few pictures into the roll , i could turn and turn the winder , and the film would n't advance , but it would let me take another picture . after fighting with it the entire weekend , i ended up getting about 10 pictures that could be made out , though these were grainy , too 
camera pos 457.txt this camera works well , except that the shutter speed is a bit slow . the image quality is decent . the use of aa rechargeable batteries is also convenient . the camera is pretty sturdy . i 've dropped it a few times and it still works fine 
software neg 519.txt i usually use adaware to scan my computer weekly , and like others , i would like to try the trial version spyware doctor to scan my computer . the result was , i had more than 200 infections ! i was amazed that my other virus scan programs did n't catch any of these infections , and my computer had been running properly . of coz , i would like to remove these infections and so i paid with my creditcard and got the license no . after entering the license no . and scanning , i continued to remove the infections that spyware doctor had caught . before clickinig the remove button , i checked what i would delete and the files seems ok to be deleted . i had to restart my computer in order to complete removing the infections . i clicked yes to restart . from then , my nightmare began , i could n't start my computer at all ! ! ! not even displaying the loggin window ! my computer just kept restarting again and again . after 5 times restarting automatically , i smelled something burning from my computer ! ! ! i was so scared becoz there are some important files that i have n't backup yet ! endup , i reformat my computer ! ! ! i could n't login my old account again ! now , i have a new administrator account and lost all the softwares that i orginally have . luckily i was able to reinstall 70% of the softwares ( you gotta know the serial no . for most of the softwares are not working after reinstall , and that took me long time to find ways reinstalling them , and not all of them ! ) some of my important files could n't be opened again because i do n't have the softwares to open them ! i was / am still so mad about this ! the spyware doctor removed my system operating files and that 's why i could n't restart my computer . yet , i reinstalled spyware doctor again because i paid and only used it once . however , i could n't use it after reinstalling like other softwares . even i followed the instruction online to reenter the licence no . that i purchased , it 's just simply not working ( the website said i do n't have to repurchase and it should work ! ) so i paid $10 , only used the spyware doctor once , but i lost all other softwares that cost totally more than $400 
books pos 353.txt like most of the reviewers , i went into this book expecting the humor and absurdity of the website . and it 's all there , in it 's ridiculous glory . however , this book is almost like two books in one . upon reading the footnotes a much deeper tale begins to unfold . beyond the nonsensical ramblings of robert , the book tells a tale of a lonely kid using ninjas as an escape from his sad life . his parents hate him , he has no friends , and nobody else listens to him , except his babysitter and faithful dog . the further you read , the more you begin to see the deeper story unfold . however , even while the story gets darker , the humor remains , creating an experience that is both hilarious and touching . check this book out 
camera pos 567.txt i bought this item to be used with my sony hdr-hc3 camcorder in combination the fig rig . it works as advertised . i do wish the clamp portion of the item was removeable , but it can be worked around . i found the remote to be very responsive , as you would expect from sony . and the price was a bargin . 
music neg 23.txt many albums , including this one , have the problem that all the songs pretty much sound the same ; but this also has the troublesome problem of music that is too easy on the ears and that never gets very exciting - except for the first two tracks . the use of many poetry elements in their lyrics ca n't save the blandness of the music . " what about everything " and " life less ordinary " are good songs . the rest pretty much sound the same and will put you to sleep . 
health pos 895.txt the product was a gift for my mother who needs extra circulation in her feet . she loves it and it has helped increase the circulation 
books neg 640.txt i have n't done this in awhile , but i do n't think i could review this piece any better than the other reviews i 've read about it . it 's pretty average , however filled with nice bits of knowledge . they did n't seem well-researched in some areas . here are the interesting parts of reviews from the other " critics " that i agree with.. . " they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences...would be enough . " - john gallant " biased against superheros ( sic ) " - christopher ritter " i found this book to be tedious , lacking in charm , badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas . " - c.p. halliday " i picked up this book . " - lawrance m. bernabo " their belief seems to be that donald duck was the best comic book ever.. . " - m.g. bloedorn " pretty boring . " - bernardz " ...a black hole is hypothesized , lending a faint respectability to the premise behind green lantern 's abilities . " - peter vinton jr. " ...this book will not satisfy full on fans.. . " - james n . simpson & lt ; - --gave it five stars . " a chance to laugh about the heroes i still love and that mean so much to me . " - reviewer " man , there 's a whole 200 pages of this pooh-poohing , cranky-old-maid kind of stuff ! " - mark alfred " they were even putting words into c . darwin 's mouth . " - aaron spriggs " mildly entertaining but not great " - reviewer " when the man ( dean koontz in this case ) writing the introduction says he does n't read comics , i began to get worried . " - ivan a . wolfe " i agree with an earlier poster . " - reviewer " almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible . " plastic larry " the authors give us a more plausible ( given what we know now ) origin for the hulk , involving steroids and fluorescent gene modification . " - j . draper carlson " this book is not mean spirited or nasty . " reviewer " superman 's powers break the laws of science . ooh . stop the presses . " - [...] " interesting . " - rick hunter " the science of superheroes , " - reviewer 
music pos 791.txt this is a wondrful cd and quite a bargin . two discs and the very best of nancy wilson . i liked so much , i bought two and gave one to a friend 
software pos 224.txt this is a good package for backing up your pc . fairly intuitive , although it took me a couple tries to figure out what the software was doing so i could select the right stuff to backup . it uses good compression to minimize the amount of disk for your backup . the downside of that is you ca n't just select a file to restore , you must go through the restore process . you can select a single file , but it takes a bit of time . runs automatically and unobtrusively so it wo n't interfere with your current work . 
camera pos 3.txt this was the best item i ever bought for my camera . i do a lot of walking with my camera , and thought i would use it as a walking stick , which i do , but the best part of this monopod is what i never thought would happen . my pictures are never fuzzy ! i can take low light photos and have they come out clear . i paid very little for this item and would never be caught without it and my camera . the three levers on the bottom allow for quick expansion at all different lengths . the carrying case allows for this item to be packed next to my camera without it getting scratched 
music neg 220.txt i liked the santana - steven tyler song / video . since i found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something i buy within reasonable means - i wont buy the cd . want to make sure that sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . i have been burned by sony 's proprietary [...] before on other items , so i will stay away . 
dvd pos 193.txt the synopsis ... sam and jonah baldwin , father and son , have lost the most important woman in their lives to cancer . seeking to escape from the painful memories that lurk in every nook and cranny of chicago , they move to seattle . eighteen months later , jonah can sense that his dad is still sad ; and , in desperation calls a nationally syndicated radio self-help guru on christmas eve to wish for his father a new wife . annie reed lives in baltimore and is engaged to walter . their relationship , while loving and comfortable , is entirely devoid of romantic sparks . when annie hears jonah 's soulful plea on the radio , it 's as if her heart has been touched by " magic " and she is determined to find out why she feels so powerfully drawn to sam and his son ... even if it means traveling across " like 26 states " . the critique ... sleepless in seattle is a brilliantly simple film ; that 's what makes it so great . to quote nora ephron , " it is n't a movie about love , it 's a movie about love in the movies . " to emphasize this point , she incorporates various parallel references to " an affair to remember " throughout the film ; but , sleepless is also a movie about our genuine romantic fantasies and sentimental ideals about falling in love ( which , let 's admit it , have been undeniably shaped by what we 've seen on the silver screen ) . the script is refreshingly candid , yet endearing and nora ephron 's direction is impeccable . ross malinger , cast as jonah baldwin , is the youngest and most notable talent in the film . he does an excellent job of portraying the quintessential eight-year-old ; he 's impulsive , moody and thinks he knows it all . ( i speak from experience here folks ; i currently have a son that age . ) he and tom hanks come together flawlessly as father and son ; so successfully in fact , that they would be utterly convincing off screen . the chemistry between meg ryan and tom hanks is equally amazing , which is no small achievement considering the fact that they rarely appear together in a scene . the supporting cast is brimming with talent and includes rosie o'donnell , bill pullman , rita wilson , rob reiner , david hyde pierce , and a young gaby hoffmann . families with younger children will appreciate the film 's integrity ; there is very little foul language ( " god damn it " and " ... it scared the shit out of me ... " being the worst of it ) and no " sexual content " to be wary of . all around , this is a winning film . one that i find myself watching over and over and over again . the dvd ... for a 10th anniversary edition , the special features are few and rather disappointing . you 've got your basic director commentary , a music video ( " when i fall in love " by celine dion & clive griffin ) , and a " love in the movies " featurette . this last piece is approximately 15 minutes long . it features the director , producers , actors and the hosts of loveline : drew pinsky and adam carolla ( why they are included , i do n't know ) talking about " love in the movies . " there are some interesting interview segments with an empire state building historian and some very beautiful shots of the new york skyline before 9 / 11 ; but there 's certainly nothing here to write home about . by far , the most exciting feature is that you can choose your aspect ratio . ( and honestly , how exciting is that ? ) this a dvd that you buy for the film alone . 
software pos 469.txt turbotax was a great service , but i would like to be able to navigate with menus / tabs to a greater degree of specificity within the input pages itself . writing the return often requires back-tracking to a page that you alread covered . to get to a particular prior page , i would often be forced to go through up to 5 or 6 prior pages , reading the question each time because turbotax highlighted the default which was not my previous choice . this was a colossal waste of time in an otherwise excellent product . it could easily be fixed in the 2006 software if turbotax 1 ) switched the defaults to the users ' previously-inputted values ( completetax does this and it seems like an obvious thing to do ) and / or made it easy to navigate to a prior page by giving a link to every input page when a user clicks a superior tab or link . this is what a good web-page does , and it would be very helpful if turbotax did the same . 
music neg 616.txt this is a saccharine and banal take on irish music , with all the emotional intesity of a hummel figuraine . upon first listen , i remarked to my wife that they sounded more like peter , paul , and mary than the dubliners . she correctly pointed out that peter , paul , and mary were actually much better than this pablum , and that the irish rovers more closely resemble the fictional main street singers from a mighty wind . truly , absolutely , unlistenably passionless , cloying and bland 
dvd pos 868.txt my son has watched the first two acceleracers movies , but so far this is his favorite ! great movie for little boys who love cars 
health neg 265.txt i was quite pleased with this alarm clock until recently when i found that it was consistently waking me up one hour early . i tried fiddling with the dst setting and then changing the alarm and clock times just a little but without fail it would wake me an hour earlier than i wanted . the brightness may be a problem for some people but i found it reasonable . overall a good docking station , but a poor alarm clock 
software neg 43.txt do n't take my word for it that 's a quote from the title of a recent post excoriating this irritating and increasingly bloated product on slashdot . be warned : adobe has not learned its lesson , and despite the outcry that followed the release of version 6 , this latest release of acrobat continues adobe 's aggressive trend of intruding into your desktop environment , again , as in version 6 without providing an easy way to undo the damage once its done- -in fact , it 's now nearly impossible . like earlier releases , this version of acrobat adds startup macros and new toolbar buttons to your existing applications and adds menu entries to your desktop " right click " menus . adobe argues that these are conveniences , but they are entirely unnecessary ( for most of us " printing " to adobe pdf achieves the same result , is much more convenient , and a more natural model ) , and clutter what for most users is either a too-crowded user interface ( for those who do n't have the knowledge or patience to customize it ) or a carefully tuned one ( for those who do ) . unlike many well-behaved applications that provide obvious ways of avoiding this kind of intrusive and disruptive behavior ( e.g. through a simple checkbox option in a settings dialog ) , acrobat 's " option " for disabling this behavior , once deeply hidden in the setup process , is now almost completely absent . to disable the " convert to adobe pdf " button that mysteriously appears in the outlook mail editor , for example , one has to be sure to choose " this feature will not be available " from the " microsoft outlook " option under " acrobat pdfmaker " under " create adobe pdf " . simply deleting the button using outlook 's toolbar customization feature will not work : it comes right back when the editor is next opened . similar problems arise in word , excel , visio , project , and internet explorer . and there 's simply no way to get rid of the never-used " convert to adobe pdf " and " combine in acrobat.. . " entries in that appear in the desktop context menus for files ( even if one installs none of the acrobat pdfmaker features ) . for the technically inclined wishing to repair some of the damage that acrobat 7 does , there are complex but largely effective step by step instructions available on the web , but even the authors of these are driven to despair by version 7 : ( " adobe has really pushed the boat out with acrobat 7 and managed to screw word royally " ) . in short , acrobat will make a mess of your working environment , there 's no way to completely fix it , and even the partial fix is a pain ( and not well documented ) . ( this may seem a minor issue , but if every application followed adobe 's reckless example , our working environments would start to look like strip malls , crowded with features screaming for our attention to the point where it is hard to find what we need when we need it . one of the great strengths of the personal computer desktop is that users can configure it in ways that suit their needs ; no application should interfere with that . ) experienced acrobat users will also notice that this version continues another frustrating trend for acrobat ( and most other adobe applications ) : it is yet again slower to launch than the previous version . in fact , on my 2 ghz pentium 4 , it takes longer to launch than the entire visual studio .net development environment , and longer than the boot sequence for windows xp ! there are other minor problems as well ( arbitrary rearrangements of menu and tool bar items , etc. ) but these two major flaws are more than bad enough . unless you really need the latest acrobat features , you should probably avoid this upgrade . and if the " improvements " in this release are any indication of where adobe plans to go with future releases , it may be time to start looking elsewhere for a tool for digital document management . fortunately , there 's no reason at all to upgrade . version 7 offers no usefully new features , so you can ( and should ) avoid this one ( at all costs ) 
software pos 25.txt product came in a timely manner and i love it . easy to use and fun too . 
dvd pos 140.txt a great exercise tape- -plenty of variety and feels like it is doing the trick . if only denise would come into the house and make me exercise daily , this would really work 
health neg 122.txt i 've got a small bit of hardwood space in my apartment , and i figured this would suit my mopping needs . it hasn't . even after sweeping the area multiple times prior to using the wetjet , i 've found that it does n't really pick any dirt up . what i wind up with is a polished floor with a lot of small piles of dirt everywhere . i 'm even using the " special " hardwood floor solution - it is n't making a difference . i do n't recommend this product for anything other than polishing a floor ( and there are probably better solutions for that as well ) 
dvd neg 202.txt starring sam from whose the boss and that guy that used to be married to christina applegate . i really hate this movie . it 's so boring and not exciting like drew barrrymores version 
dvd pos 97.txt the folks at pbs deserve the gratitude of photography teachers and students everywhere . taking on subject matter as impossibly broad as photography in 20th century america ? this documentary covers- - sometimes comprehensively , sometimes briefly- - virtually every important topic germane to the field of study , from pictorialism to straight photography , from fashion to the scientific . along the way , we are introduced ( or reintroduced ) to what has been the medium 's most important uses : journalism and documentary . " a century of images " is as instructive for the novice as it may be reaffirming to those already familiar with much of the material . underlying a wealth of historical examples and anecdotes are the two twin themes that raise this effort above the mundane : concern over the ethical issues photographs present , and the effects of mechanically produced images in the post-industrial age on the psyche of our nation . these themes manifest themselves in ways that are often revelatory and moving . one memorable example : the way edward curtis 's images of native americans are placed into context by a woman who appreciates them , yet yearns for more images that show her people the way they " really were . " sections on war photography cover wwi , wwii , vietnam and the gulf war with compassion , and work as excellent visual aids to discussions on todays situation in iraq . another bonus : the section on the transition to a digital age has not yet outlived its usefulness . until i was able to buy this fabulous history on dvd , my biggest complaint was that while using the vhs version , i had all kinds of problems locating the various scenes i wanted to pull out to show my photography and visual communication courses at the university where i teach . now that i can happily locate scenes at will using the dvd menu , i can direct my ire at its few but significant omissions and shortcomings . more on walker evans , robert frank , diane arbus please . . . . they were pretty damned influential . 
books neg 971.txt unlike most of the other reviewers here , neither i nor my nine-year-old enjoyed this book . the premise is good , but the family-values morality is heavy-handed and the writing limps along 
dvd neg 685.txt ( david 1930 's mobster ) ...... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935. there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster ) 
music neg 401.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years 
music pos 425.txt like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart 
books pos 916.txt jesse , 15 lives in harlem , new york city . he is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend , rise is one of his biggest influences . jesse and rise grew up together . when rise , 17 turns to crime and joins the counts , a local street gang and insists on bringing jesse in with him along with their friend c.j. , jesse starts to reassess their friendship . he sadly realizes that he and rise are traveling down different streets ; the drive-by shooting of their friend bobby , 14 has left the neighborhood shaken . c.j. , a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path . it is c.j. and jesse , a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other . rise and the counts are in for a count-down ; sadly , drive-bys claim more casualties . the counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs ; a warring faction called the diablos were responsible for shooting a friend ; killing a cabbie and later , some members of the counts . sidney , a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing . he is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man , which he was . when mason , 19 an older member of the counts was busted for homicide , it was sidney who took rise and jesse to the jail ( " iron city " ) to see the fate in store for their former friend . more problems crop up in the neighborhood ; rise , seeing a chance to leave harlem wants to call jesse and the counts together for a final goodbye . sadly , that goodbye really was the end . this is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well . the characters are fresh , cutting edge , serious and believable . the drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book . jesse , an aspiring cartoonist created two west indian charcters , a wise man and a bird . the bird was a metaphor for jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that wise answers . myers has written many excellent books , but i think he really outdid himself with this one 
software neg 61.txt they sent me a product that was n't legit and would n't take it back . horrible service & i do n't recommend anyone buy from this particular vendor ! just a horrible waste of time & money 
dvd neg 189.txt wedding crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself , wo n't enjoy . two womanizers fall in love , one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin , like first off , what does virginity have to do with love ? & second , who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin ? & then owen wilson 's character fall in love with rachel 's mcadams character and well , that 's the usual predictable romance plot . the problem with this film is it 's not that funny . it seems to think it 's better then it is . i do n't think i hardly laughed during this film . the part about the " supposive " gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course , because it 's this kind of film , he ends up being gay and of course , he tries to hit on vince vaughn 's character in a scene that is beyond creepy . lets just say that " gay " guy is prob one of the worst actors i 've seen . & then we get a cameo from will ferrell , alot of people i know find this guy " so " funny . but i do n't get it . it just was n't funny to me . u know , i loved the classic , " american pie " that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy ! this film was n't so much funny as stupid . & for the most part , i 'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it 's just an average film 
health pos 671.txt i bought this model 7 years ago for over $100 and it is still running strong although i only use it to clip a small family dog . nevertheless , forget the cheap vibrating ' magnetic motor ' clippers - not enough power and the buzzing bothers the animal . this clipper uses a superior rotating motor that is more powerful and provides a consistent cutting action . in fact , with the right ( replaceable ) blade , you could use this to cut kids hair as well . it stays cool , unlike the magnetic motor design . use with oster kool lube and you will never have problems getting a clean cut . it uses blades by oster so there is a lot of versatility possible 
dvd pos 834.txt i just watched " mommie dearest " for the first time tonight . as most critics and fans of " mommie dearest " acknowledge , the film portrays such a pitiful story of abuse , with such an over-dramatic ( but entirely true-to-life ) performance by faye dunaway , it was both hilarious and depressing . i 'm 30 and did n't know much about joan crawford outside of the endless chatter about the film being " classic camp . " seems to me crawford was probably bi-polar or had some other unexplained mental disorder . i think she was quite aware that some of the insanity she lived with was caused by movie industry she was dedicated to . she knew the industry poisoned any good thing she endeavored to do , whether it was having a successful marriage , a happy family , or even giving to charity . her life was a running commercial directed by hollywood , not unlike the tabloid-driven , image-obsessed hollywood we have today . despite the often-times hilarious image of her and her sibling 's victimization on film , christina 's abuse and disappointment with her mother was real and painful at some point in her life . christina crawford was completely justified turning her mother 's image on its head with her book and movie . yes , the movie is outrageous but it is also empowering . after all , what can the powerless do about their pitiful past except laugh . mocking the unexplained , unjustified pain you experienced in the past , renders it powerless to harm your future . this is the legacy of " mommie dearest " whatever joan crawford really was 
music neg 666.txt if you do n't have the blues , this record will give them to you.musically speaking , it 's tripe 
camera pos 385.txt this camera is perfect for me i have a [...] an a [...] an it always seems there doing something ide like to catch on film . this camcorder is small enough that some days i have it in my jacket pocket an the instant on makes it really easy to catch them moments that are usually gone by the time you get them big cameras out of the bag an ready to go . also it can extract a still picture out of a video clip so them candid shots are never missed . the settings for this camera are really easy to understand an use . it takes really good video 's an pictures although ive not taken alot of still pictures because i like to extract that perfect picture out of a video clip . this camera takes video cards so your not always downloading onto your pc . ive got a few 2 gig cards so ive always have one in the camera ready to go . the battery does not last a long time so i recommend a couple extra , there pretty cheep here on amazon an it usually takes one battery to download onto pc if you have it hooked up to your pc for any lengh of time . i dont know anything about camera 's an how they work i just like to take the pictures an so far this has been the easiest camera / camcorder ive seen 
health neg 376.txt i had an old sonicare ( rechargable ) for about a year and a half . i dropped it and it stopped working . ( my fault . ) not willing to pay ~$[...] for another rechargable one , i thought i would give the e3000 a try . i then bought my first e3000 in august for 2006. it mysteriously stopped working around december of 2006. ( i did n't drop it this time . ) i bought a second one . it also mysteriously stopped working in march of 2007. ( again , i did n't drop it or harm the toothbrush in any way ! ) 2 dead toothbrushes in 8 months ! i 'm not sure if i should buy another e3000 or if i should give up on the sonicare brand completely . 
camera pos 389.txt for the price paid , this is a great camera . should last me for a long time . debated buying a slr , but this seems to have all the features of an expensive slr ( actually it is a slr , just no interchangable lenses ) and a lot easier to use 
books pos 686.txt my son loves to read , and he adores this book . i personally love trapani 's books- -while they are not always grammatically correct ( the only reason why i do n't give it a 5 star rating ) , they are beautifully illustrated and bring to life some of the most well-known nursery rhymes . it will bring a smile to your child 's face 
software pos 888.txt this new version is cleaner and better than v12 in several areas that are important to me . particularily the improved trace features 
music neg 617.txt this album is dull and without any emotion.the only reason this guy is even known is because of his backgroud 
camera neg 894.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
music neg 793.txt i bought guerolito after hearing " heaven hammer , " the remixed version of guero 's " missing . " that remix , by air , is the sort of product that makes remixes valid - it takes the passion and yearning lost in the original production of " missing " and makes it feel at home in a louder , more tempting sonic landscape . that song became astonishing where the guero song was simply alright , and the new song , " clap hands , " is at least a good time . however , it 's hard to swallow the cobbled remixes on the rest of guerolito - the beat and the original of , say , " earthquake weather , " ( here as " terromoto tempo " ) are both individually appealing enough , but together sound dismayingly like they 're from different planets and belong nowhere near each other . " e-pro " becomes a groaning mess , the lovely " farewell ride " an electronic nightmare , and both those descrptions would be apt to describe the record as a whole 
music pos 732.txt this is an amazing ep - one of boards of canada 's strongest to date . honestly , i did n't enjoy dayvan cowboy that much on campfire headphase , but since it has been recontectualized on trans canada highway , i 'm a huge fan of the song . the new tracks are more like what one would typically expect from boards of canada . warm , fuzzy , mellow , lush analogue synths and plenty of them ! for those who were n't as taken with the newer boc sound on campfire headphase , assuage your fears - this is definitely a return to the traditional sound . that 's not to say though that this is a rehash of old material . one can hear bits and pieces of geogaddi and such , but the overall feel is much closer to music has the right to children . to all boards of canada fans - buy this without hesitation . it does n't matter what you thought of campfire - this is quality . i have one question . the title , trans canada highway , seems to be a fairly obvious reference to kraftwerk 's legendary trans europe express and the album cover seems to point to kraftwerk 's autobahn album cover , but i do n't hear any explicit musical connection . is boards of canada paying a simple titular tribute to kraftwerk , or is there something else buried within ? this calls for repeated listenings 
health neg 700.txt i ordered the regular size , they were to big , the smaller size ? too small . neither one fit well but both did one thing well , hurt the area under my eyes . buyer beware 
dvd neg 249.txt if you love well written stories , great plots and captivating acting then this movie is not for you . i do n't know how the producer managed to swindle precious investor dollars to get this tripe made into a movie , however there it is ! it was so boring and so badly done that after the first 1 hour and 45 minutes i had to turn it off . i do n't even want to know how it ended . the cast line up was great ! that 's the only ' positive ' comment i can make with regards to this movie . do not watch it . do not hire it . do not believe anybody who thinks it is good . the two lesbians who made love even did that scene poorly ; get this , it was done in the missionary position ! avoid this movie 
software pos 375.txt for anybody who needs the full power of acrobat , this is the way to go . highly recommende 
music pos 753.txt live alive is good enough to buy in my standered's .....i really think this was recorded poorly but the songs on it are really good if you play it in your car , or on bigger speakers so you can really hear everything much better . their are many good songs included on this complination of live performence 's spanning from performences from montreux jazz festival , austin opera house , and the dallas starfest . this recordings are all from 85-through 86. jimmie vaughan appears on willie the wimp , love struck baby , look at little sister , and change it playing guitar , and string bass . i think the worst song on the entire complination is voodoo chile ( slight return ) which is kind of weird for me to say because i think that was truely the best song stevie ray played live but in this case its not . other than that i really think for what it is it 's a average live performence . 
dvd pos 342.txt the movie is about two men who fake fairytales for money . they are employed to stop these children from disapearing into a forest in a town . wilhelm and jacob grimm take on the job or be forced to die and go into the forest . this is a really good movie and is an action packed fairytale 
camera pos 95.txt it is extremely easy to use . hard to figure out the menu , but once that is done there is no problem . takes beautiful pictures . great for action shots as well . seldom find a blurry photo as it has a stabelizer built in 
music pos 959.txt one reviewer remarked that morten veland had & quot ; done it again . &quot ; yup , he shot himself in the foot again , just like he did on tristania 's & quot ; beyond the veil . &quot ; veland has an obvious talent in songwriting and building arrangements , and he definitely has a knack for surrounding himself with quality musicians . his problem is that rather than using his death metal growling for proper effect , where it 's appropriate , he just plasters it everywhere , and again lessens what would otherwise have been an incredible cd . with all of the talent that is present in this band , it would certainly have been better to let them come out of the background a little more . the songs where veland does that ( which are all too few ) , like & quot ; on the wane , & quot ; are easily the cd 's best moments . to the band 's credit , the songs are more varied than on botv , with some of the guitar parts sounding like more traditional heavy metal riffs ( especially at the beginning of the opening track ) . it 's definitely still melodic goth-metal , but shows some new directions for veland , which i find promising . now , if he would just cut back on the growling...say to 50% of the cd...sirenia 's next cd will be a sure winner 
music neg 476.txt in general i 'm a big fan of movie music , but to tell the truth i expected more from this one . this soundtrack is incomaparable to say lord of the rings or star wars movie music . it lacks depth and emotion and power . unlike emotionally potent melodies present in lotr soundtrack the eragon is pretty dull and uninteresting . i get the impression that the entire album is in fact a variation of a single theme called eragon . i get the feeling that entire album has only one very long and boring track . i hope they 'll make better album for the next movie of the inheritence trilogy . 
software neg 410.txt it will not work in my windows xp . i have repeatedly asked for help ; no one answers . finally , i was told to look it up on a databank . if you have nothing but time on your hands maybe this is for you...but if you work for a living , you 've been had by this company encoreusa 
dvd neg 479.txt everyone who has rated this film over 1-star is involved in the making of this crappy movie . click on the link to see their other reviews.. . where are they ? ! ! this movie is absolutely terrible . if you can handle more than ten minutes of it , you 're a tougher man than m 
dvd pos 601.txt scratching deeper beyond the surface one can find return of the seven to be significantly different from its predecessor , the magnificent seven . it is much more than a thematically framed sequel which it can easily be mistaken for . return of the seven is a dark film and it does not offer the hope of a truly optimistic future for any of its characters . in this respect it is a complete inversion of the magnificent seven . through their catharsis in the original we saw an attempt at redemption through an act of nobility on the part of the seven . they truly were noble and i believe were redeemed for their transgressions as gunmen . some thought they could start their lives over again but inevitably they could not . that film had to end as it did with the seven ultimately all committed to their singular code of ethics and morality in an emotionally charged finale . in this film there is very little emotion on the surface . instead director burt kennedy gives us a thought provoking study into the human psyche and the very nature of defeatism of the human spirit . in this film there are no pretensions on the part of the seven . for most of them this is just another gun job . there are no higher aspirations that they are cognizant of . if it were not this job , it would be the next . to tell his story burt kennedy focuses almost entirely on the character of chris the leader , perfectly portrayed again by yul brynner . this is not really a tale of the seven . instead kennedy uses brynner with all his aplomb and apparent stoicism to curiously examine and probe the motivations of the other six , lorca the villain ( pompously played by mexican director emilio fernandez ) and several other key characters . in effect kennedy takes what was apparently a happy or satisfactory ending from the magnificent seven and asks what if . what if 10 years later the remaining characters are not so contented as prior events led us to believe they would be ? would friends be willing go up against innumerable odds ? would strangers once again sign on to go up against those same innumerable odds ? do the strong still have to help the weak ? and who really are the strong and the weak ? when 50 or more marauding vaqueros whisk away chico ( julian mateos ) and other mexican farmers from surrounding villages chris and vin ( robert fuller ) agree to come to his aid . however it is chris alone that recruits the members of the " seven " this time out . kennedy singularly endows chris a sense of morality and level headedness in this film that comes from his wisdom and manner of nobility . in effect this is brynner 's film all the way . just as john sturges ' directorial style was so smooth that his own storytelling glossed right over the depth and complexity of his own work so is burt kennedy's . however , kennedy is challenged with a very dark and brooding tale to tell . where sturges ' the magnificent seven could easily have been taken on a purely action film level and still been successful , kennedy does not have that luxury . kennedy has to deliver an action film built on previous events and he also has to approach the story from a different perspective to remain fresh yet keep it thematically to the concept of the original " seven . " not an easy task ! if the viewer does not look deeply into this film it may just appear as a well produced ` dud . ' however , i believe kennedy succeeds far beyond expectations the more times i view this film . again it comes back to brynner . he makes members of the seven ( vin , chico and colbee ) all come to realizations about themselves with his subtle yet profound dialogue . he gives riker and luis a chance at redemption even though both men come from total opposites of the spectrum . he helps the failed priest rise from his failures " at least as far as his knees . " chris even gives lorca , the villain a chance to ride out because when chris was younger he gave him the same chance . however , chris refuses to let lorca now bathe his personal grief as an ineffectual father " in other men 's blood . " yet even lorca is literally redeemed by the end of the film . when petra tells chris that the farmers will never forget them he simply replies , " that 's all a man can ask . " that is the mystique and legacy of the " seven . " even the character of chris is endowed with human flaws . he recklessly took on the young manuel rounding out the seven " for luck " with tragic results and we see brynner deeply grieved on the screen . this is a film of hard lessons learned . technically this is a well-made film . the cinematography is full of crane , dolly and tracking shots , which gives it both perspective and movement . bernstein 's score is full and lush and this is the single cohesive element that keeps the seven together . the set designs are dark , grim and rustic giving the film a pensive psychological depth . the payoff for brynner and the viewer comes in the final shot . looking at the farmers rebuilding the village he comments , " i 'll be damned . " vin looks at him and responds , " i doubt that . i doubt that very much . " they both ride off . they just do n't make heroes like that any more 
software neg 528.txt we have kid pix 3 and my kids ( 4 & 6 ) played it all the time . we just " upgraded " to kid pix 4 , and my initial experience has prompted me to write this warning . kid pix 4 runs in 800x600 resolution but it wo n't force your screen resolution to match that when it runs . kid pix 3 , of course , did . as we are using a lcd monitor with native resolution of 1280 x 1024 , we obviously want to keep the desktop running in this resolution . so now we are faced with 2 options : 1 ) use kid pix 4 with a drastically reduced window ( the drawing and toolbars are in a box surrounded by a huge black screen with the file menus at the very top ) or 2 ) adjust the resolution manually every time someone wants to run or exit the program . i find this unacceptable . customer support is non-existent : if you bought it retail , the learning company wo n't answer your questions and refers you to encore 's website . no patches are available and encore has no way to actually contact them . their faq simply explains how to go to your desktop and adjust your screen resolution to 800x600. i think this huge oversight and lack of any patch to simply fix the problem speaks volumes for the quality of this release . boo to encore , boo to tlc for allowing their " brand " to be junked , boo to broderbund . do n't waste your time 
health pos 376.txt clif bars have been part of my families life for a long time and provides a good quick meal or snack depending on your activity level . definitely recommend having water available 
software neg 898.txt i got the hang on the 21% and all they could tell me at tech support is to shut down extra services . well the only services i had running was the security services ( firewall and antivirus ) . as an experiment i tried loading it on two computers set up identically . on one i shut down the antivirus and on the other i shut down the firewall . neither would install . so i shut down both on both computers and it installed perfectly on both . i cant believe that they want you to shut down security in order to install . makes me wonder. . " what are they hiding that they dont want me to know about " . i checked adaware and a registry cleaner and even ran my av again and found nothing but still.. . it makes you wonder . also the layout is very poor , so buggy they have many , many patches and updates . will not print forms correctly and want to charge you fees to e-file when it is free from the governments . they just want more money . in my opinion...do not waste your money on this crap . by the time you waste your money on getting this to work , you can get a professional to do it for you for less 
health neg 664.txt i do n't know , but. . i could n't get myself to swallow it . it made me , literally , vomit . i wish i just ordered power bar 's vanilla-yoghurt flavored one , which tastes fantastic and i love so very much . anyway , probably it 's just me but , it really really makes me sick. . i thought i would taste something new but oh well. . 
camera pos 77.txt this is original equipment battery charger manufactered by canon . the performance of the charger is excellent as are most canon products . the price paid was comparible to non-sale priced items puchased via internet sites . the item was recieved in original packaging , 3 days after placing the order , was new ( not reconditioned with a new appearance ) . i am extremely pleased with the entire purchase process experienced , from the information given at the site to ease of ordering and fast shipping 
software neg 119.txt the description of this product on the amazon site does not match what i received . like another reviewer mentioned , the product was actually shipped from the uk so it took longer , and several features listed as being in the product are not there , specifically , exporting / saving of loops is not allowed , and there is no library of 1000+ loops included either . it seems to me to be basically like a demo version . also , even though it was advertised as being new in the box , all i got was what looks like a ( used ) cd with no manual or cd key - so much for upgrading later ! i am returning it . the sku should be removed from amazon or the description should be changed to fit what is actually being sent out 
health pos 474.txt this is really fun to do with a friend its so spa like i love it ! but it has so many warnings im afraid to do something wrong 
books neg 316.txt i love other preston / childs books so i thought i would love this one . i didn't . it is completely predictable . i was sure that the author would give it some interesting plot twists , but there were none . and parts of it were ridiculous : the length of the entombment , the amount of the treasure , the manner of transport , etc. the only character i really liked was the monkey 
music pos 565.txt buy this cd now if you do n't have it , it is an instant classic . the beats are banging , and fit cougnut and c-fresh 's lyrics perfectly . the lyrics are tight , and touch on many different things . & quot ; the last breath&quot ; is real life song about death and injustice , and decisions we all have to make in life . & quot ; protect what you hustle fo&quot ; is gangsta , about the individual struggle / hustle . & quot ; tell me something good&quot ; ( remix ) is even better than the west coast bad boyz version with master p . its about real life in the ghetto 
health pos 186.txt my hair gets weighed down very easily by finishing / smoothing products - - they will leave my hair looking flat and greasy instead of smooth . my hair is very fine , but also thick ( which is very annoying ) . this finishing solution leaves my hair very smooth without weighing it down . it seems very expensive for such a small bottle , but a little goes a long way ( i 've had the same bottle for nearly a year and it 's still not finished ) . definitely spritz it into your hands and not directly into your hair because it does not disperse at all . the scent is very light and refreshing and not at all overwhelming . 
books pos 234.txt received qickly and in great condition 
books neg 910.txt i clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here , who will all have to forgive me for thinking that susan cooper 's " the dark is rising " is plain awful . this book was recommended to harry potter fans who have run out of hp books to read . i must say it was a waste of my time to read " dark . " never have i read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero . in this case , we are told that on his 11th birthday , an english boy named will stanton discovers he is the last of " the old ones . " unlike jk rowling who , in the first pages of harry potter & the philosopher 's ( or sorcerer 's ) stone , provides the reader with a vivid description of harry as skinny , with an unruly mop of black hair , startlingly green eyes , and , of course , a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead , cooper does not describe will stanton at all . the result is that the reader , after having read 244 pages , still cannot visualize what will looks like ! ! i also find quite annoying cooper 's approach to this good vs. evil tale . she is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are the old ones , and who or what exactly is the dark . as for the dark being evil , all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that the dark means cold , snow , and- -of course- -darkness . excuse me : but is this the best cooper can do ? is this what this book is about ? - -the druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark , summer vs. winter , warmth vs. cold ? what happened to the conception of evil as moral evil ? 
software pos 677.txt seems to do the trick . i do n't use it personally but mom likes it 
health neg 1.txt expensive...and after three months of daily use i ca n't say it has helped my blood pressure . i record my blood pressure every morning at the same time...after getting up from nights sleep . i use exercise equipment for 45 minutes after stretching exercises . then breakfast and 15 minutes on resperate devise . my blood pressure has n't changed significently in the last six months and i continue to take blood pressure medicine . the resperate device was used for the first six weeks just before bedtime - change in schedule has n't changed blood pressure measurments to any significant extent . i continue to use the device because of the fortune spent on it but would n't consider buying it again 
health neg 247.txt i bought this scale to replace my previous scale with body fat option . it was not easy to use , as you have to put in your information unless you want to use kilograms , and you still have to enter your height in meters . all that aside , it continues to tell me that my body fat is between 14 and 15%. am i an athlete ? no . am i female ? yes . is 14% body fat possible ? ? ? well let 's just say it is highly unlikely . i ca n't comment on the water numbers it gives me because i do n't really have anything to go on there , but even at my fittest i was over 20% body fat , and that was a while ago. . 
software neg 808.txt after installing in sony vgc-ra810 system crashed . unable to find c: . have been waiting two days for a legitimate answer from i0l0 and now have two case ##. phone attempts are met with automated replys the same as the internet . the amazon seller has been very helpfull so i can not blame him . if i ever get my computer running i plan on visiting all sites that support reviews with a word of advice about lack of human product support by iolo . as for now i wanted to get this out to amazon customers so i am using my neighbors computer 
dvd neg 396.txt i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout , i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it . it go 's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it , but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right . there are better ones out there than this , but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it 
software pos 296.txt i love toast , and have had it since version 3. do n't have tivo , so ca n't comment on usability , but for everything else it works better than software that comes with mac . ca n't wait to try double-density and blu-ray , with which this is compatible . even earlier versions could burn more different kinds of media than the burn software that came with the mac . a friend of mine just switched from pc to mac , and this was the first software that i suggested he buy . as another reviewer said , if you have toast , you do n't need popcorn . the best ! ! 
music neg 409.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) . 
camera neg 849.txt my coolpix 8800 lapsed into " system error 2 " mode within weeks of getting it . after taking 3 or 4 shots the error message comes up and i have to shut it down and start it back up to take a few more shots before the error 2 message recurrs . nikon says to try a fresh battery and different storage card...no help . now nikon says says send it in and we 'll fix it - but do n't say what it will cost.. . the shots i do get are n't as good as an hp camera we have that was half the price . the controls are ridiculously complex . the flash pops up and fires when shooting in bright light...the whole thing is a piece of junk . the only good shots i 've gotten with it are inside shooting documents from 2 feet away...but for any outdoor complicated lighting it is unreliable.. . i would n't recommend this camera or any nikon product to my worst enemy....oh yeah , and they made the lens an oddball size so you have to buy overpriced nikon filters for it... . 
software neg 363.txt i found this product to represent extremely poor value for money . i purchased the product based on all the marketing hype and testimonials . however , i have since come to the conclusion that these guys must pay people to write positive testimonials . this product only covers the basics ( levels 1 & 2 ) . then they try to rope you into paying even more money for their intermediate levels . i have since purchased a cheaper ' tell me more ' package ( for spanish ) and have been highly impressed with the scope of it . they have packed so much more value into their package . and it is a complete package - all the way to advanced level . i think it 's really disgusting that rosetta stone get away with selling such a seriously inferior product at such a highly inflated price and people still buy it . i think it borders on being a scam 
software pos 837.txt my 11 year old daughter loves playing this game . graphics could be better but overall it teaches them a lot about horses and how to take care of them . great for any horse lover in your family 
camera neg 742.txt in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing . 
health pos 770.txt que maravilla comprar por amazon.com todo llego en perfecto estad 
camera neg 298.txt i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run 
dvd neg 717.txt i totally agree with soda fizz because im 18 now and i grew up watching these old shows like doug , angry beavers , are u afraid of the dark , rocco , pete and pete , all that , etc.. . they sould put those shows on in rotation and put them out on dvd , im sure there are tons of people out there who would buy them ( me being one of them ) . bring back the old shows 
music pos 213.txt at first , i thought the only reason why i wanted this cd was because idina menzel was on it . but now , after listening to the whole cd , i was right , idina menzel was amazing , and all of the other cast members are incredibly talented too . i would highly recommend this because it is a very interesting story , it 's incredibly complex music ( theoretically ) , but at the same time it is very enjoyable ! ! ! ! i would give it more stars if i could.. . but i am only allowed 5... : ( 
health pos 450.txt have n't had to clean it yet and it keeps the humidity level in out daughter 's room between 41 and 53%. we have had it for 3 months now and no problems at all . works as advertised and worth every penny 
music neg 104.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 98.txt this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving ! 
software pos 656.txt i was hesistant to upgrade to vista for a while but i decided to invest and see what the hype was all about . i have a p4 ht 3.0 ghz with a good video card and after upgrading my current desktop to 2 gb of ram , i found that vista runs really well on my machine . i bought the home basic because microsoft advised it and i dont need any of the other features offered in premium . i love the graphic capabilities of vista and the functionality is really nice . i had no problems using any of my programs and had to only upgrade my video and sound drivers after installation . vista installed all of my updated device drivers for me as well . this is definitely a solid os and i would highly recommend upgrading to vista if you have the recommended hardware requirements 
software neg 885.txt i bought this to protect my new dell axim , a replacement for my palm tungsten e ( and a step up ) . the axim is wireless enabled so i wanted to protect it . when i tried to install it , i ran into major issues . it automatically wanted to install to the palm ( seeing the palm desktop software ) . there was no way to override it or choose which device to which it should install . i contacted customer service ( an issue in itself ) via phone and email . emailed response told me to uninstall my palm software . how stupid ! i have no intention of uninstalling the palm just yet . meanwhile , trying to phone customer service was a joke . i tried a few times , once spending over 60 minutes on hold , another over 90 minutes , with no human contact . i have a business to run , not plenty of time to waste ! maybe it works great , but the complications of trying to install prevented me from ever finding out . amazon was terrific and let me return the product 
music pos 486.txt i 've been listening to satoshi tomiie for a long time and this is definetly one of his best cd 's yet . its one of those cd 's that is a must have before a road trip . just play it and let it ride . from beginning to end it keeps your ears on high alert just waiting for that next track to hit . before you know it your at the end , but who says you cant just hit repeat and start the ride all over again . 
music neg 734.txt i love the sludge and the roar but the vocals are monotone and the lyrics laughable . gimme earth or sunno ) ) ) anyday 
camera pos 565.txt i was amazed on how well this battery has performed . i did make sure when i got it i did a complete charge and complete discharge and it has not let me down since . i can shoot well over two hours without needing to change to the very meek battery that came with my camcorder ( sony hdr-hc1 ) . it is thicker and sticks off the back a little bit more so you can not get your eye up to the eyepiece but i use the lcd when shooting anyway , and almost always on tripod 
music neg 554.txt i agree with the other negative review below - uninspired , simply forgettable radio trash . cliched lyrics ? check . muddy , simple riffs ? check . boring drumming with a couple of poorly played double bass kicks ? check . thank god i got this in a box of cd 's from a dj buddy of mine for free awhile back . if i actually paid for this crap i 'd have to kill myself . judging from all the " positive " reviews however , it seems some people at lava records or possibly the band themselves ( if they 're still around . i hope not . ) have been trying to plug this sorry excuse for music . 
dvd neg 415.txt i admit that my expectations were totally wrong concerning this film . i was expecting a spanish reworking of noel coward 's famous play about the dead returning to humorously haunt the living . the advertising for volver in the local media certainly led me to have this expectation . maybe this is why i found this film to be so perplexing and disappointing . but even on it 's own terms i found volver a difficult movie to enjoy . others see a celebration of strong women . i see a movie about murder , incest , deceit and theft . every main character here is a criminal . raimunda , her mother , her daughter , all commit one crime or another , some truly monstrous . who is there to admire ? this is empowerment ? i 'm trying to avoid spoilers here but suffice to say there is not one truly likable character in this whole film . aside from the overall unpleasantness of the movie a director as experienced as almodovar should have produced a tighter work than this . there are numerous loose plot threads here . the whole subplot concerning the jerry springer-like tv show did n't really make any sense . the restaurant owner seems to like raimunda but nothing comes of this . in fact the whole restaurant subplot just peters out , with no resolution . when the movie ended my first thought was " what , that 's it ? it 's over ? " . people might say " well , life has loose ends " but this is a movie , not life . it should have an ending . i know i 'm definitely in the minority concerning volver . my wife thinks i 'm nuts for not liking this film but i really think the emperor has no clothes here 
health neg 630.txt this is n't a bad dryer when it comes to convenience and travelling . however , the folding handle did eventually break and i had to modify it to hold it together . i have n't noticed any benefit from the ion control , mine and my wife 's hair get 's easily frizzled with this dryer , plus it takes a long time to dry in comparison to what others have claimed . the switch is definitely very difficult to use , there 's no way a person can use it with one hand . if you tried , you 'd end up dropping the thing . the fact that the off position is between the two speed settings is n't very good either because you push so hard to move the switch you simply move from high to low instead of to the off position . personally , i ca n't wait to find her a better one so i can tear this one apart for more interesting things . on the upside , after fixing the handle , it has worked without any real problems for 6 months 
health pos 126.txt my grandfather found a vial of old spice in his navy kit when he joined in 1943. he continued using it after the war and my father picked it up when he himself came of age . i began shaving about ten years ago and choice was obvious : old spice is conservative and masculine , distinct and time-honored . it 's not a trend ; it 's a statement of manhood . if proctor & amp ; gamble obliges , my own grandkids will be using it 
software neg 857.txt darkbasic is only good for people very new to programming and interested in games . to make a commercial-quality game in this language would be lunacy , basic just is n't quite flexible enough to do that with ease , and the darkbasic renderer looks very , very ugly . however , basic remains very easy to learn and darkbasic has some commands that are fun to toy with . if you 're trying to get into serious game development , learn c++ and either learn how to use libraries like opengl or directx , or start modding a popular engine like the unreal engine or source . and make sure you 've learned a good deal of physics and math 
camera pos 108.txt i received my 28-200 yesterday from amazon . having read the customer reviews , i immediately put my rebel xt on a tripod and ran two series of comparison shots with the 28-200 and my canon 28-135 is . three shots each at f-stops 5.6 , 11 , and 20 , one set indoors at iso 1600 and the other outdoors at iso 200. focal length 135 using the same scenes with each camera , highest jpeg setting . after shooting both series , i compared them fresh out of the camera , side by side . results : the 28-200 was at least as sharp as the 28-135 in both foreground and background in most instances . it was visibly sharper at iso 200 with f-stops 5.6 and 20 , ( the 28-135 took the honors at f-stop 10 ) , and at 20 , it was visibly sharper in both the foreground and the background . the 28-135 was one-stop faster shutterwise . both lenses produced pictures which would sharpen nicely in photoshop . there are the vagaries of autofocus and different shooting conditions to consider ; different test scenes conceivably produce different results . my conservative conclusion : the 28-200 is as good as it gets for a super-zoom on your canon ( unless you are going to drop $2200 on the l series 28-300 is and carry it ) , and the 28-135 is has no clear sharpness advantage . between these lenses , its a tradeoff- --an extra 65 mm of focal length ( 105 mm after a 1.6 conversion ) versus image stabilization and low-light shooting capability . both lenses focus quickly and silently , and both lenses produce usable shots . 
camera pos 331.txt excellent camera kit . versatile . i have a lot to learn about the camera , though , as it is no simple point-and-shoot . however , in auto mode , it takes great point-and-shoot pictures . i look forward to learning how to use it fully . lenses came with warranty cards , but the camera itself did not . i bought the sb-600 flash as well and another battery and two 1 gb compact flash cards to round out the kit . camera with lens attached is large , which i underestimated . $80 camera bag is too small for it all . great camera , though . price was the best i could find anywhere 
dvd neg 322.txt not a good script kind of slow , a regular movie if you are into history in america , but if you dont live there , or got any interest in this particular plot , i wont recomended , is borin 
books neg 413.txt as many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction , however midway it turns into a romance novel . i give it 3 stars for holding my attention . a good beach read that can get you thinking ( a little ) about a time past . the one star is a mistake and i cannot seem to change it . 3 *** stars 
dvd neg 251.txt francisco was right , this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust . the review on the back of the dvd says " jaw dropping , " but the full quote probably reads " jaw dropping ( because i was lulled to sleep like a baby ) " . there is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage , in the zombie attack scenes , but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie . the rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters , ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant " evil side of human nature " message that would be better left to jean renoir ( or even adam sandler considering the results here ) . i do n't watch zombie movies for the characters , especially characters so vapid and unengaging . it seemed like the script writer read a novice 's how to pamphlet and said " yeah , it needs some conflict " . if these characters were n't so constipated and bloated i 'd give them a chance . one amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of " social commentary , " but that 's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully . it wasn't . you 'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass . the critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing , and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director 's real talent , which is ( you guessed it ) the lovely undead . the rest is monotonous dreck . i do n't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man 's dramatic rags . all that aside , the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies . a horror movie that sucks for 3 / 4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself , but the cut-away at the end makes you wanna kick the director in the gonads . sorry , but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron . 
books pos 16.txt beautiful , stunning absolutely gorgeous . a quick note to fellow brits , this was ordered on october 22nd and arrived on november 1st and is much cheaper here than on amazon.co.uk or anywhere else in the uk ! ! i 've ordered stuff domestically that has taken longer in the post ! ! 
camera pos 639.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
books pos 657.txt ironweed by william j . kennedy was the latest selection for a book club i 've recently joined . the premise of the club is to read a novel and then view the movie ( at the group meeting ) that was based on the novel . as i expected , the movie paled in comparison to the book , despite the screenplay being written by kennedy himself . jack nicholson plays the main character ( francis ) and meryl streep is his " wanna be " socialite girlfriend ( helen ) , but this star power does n't elevate the story beyond what kennedy had already done in the novel . set during the " great depression , " ironweed is a great look at the underbelly of society : drunks , homeless , impoverished , and in that regard the story is timeless . i enjoyed the characters ' quirkiness and the loosely connected plots , but more significantly to me were the themes of redemption , forgiveness , and love . the love aspect may be hard to spot , but it is there , unconventionally , in many of the character 's interactions . this favorable recommendation comes with a warning : it can be a depressing read , definitely not a happy one , and while i found it inspirational , it will not conjure any blithe emotions . ironweed is definitely not a june beach read , being more apropos to a long winter night , indoor , by a warm fire . 
dvd pos 326.txt hollywood make them , then they break them - - stars can fall as fast as they rise . sometimes they rise again , and sometimes they disappear . and christopher guest casts a jaded eye on the fickle ups and downs of hollywood in " the big picture , " a quirky , cynical movie which focuses on what the successful should never let go of . it has a few awkward stretches , but overall it 's a darkly witty cult comedy ( " you 're tracking failure all over my carpet ! " ) . nick chapman ( kevin bacon ) is the winner at an arty student movie competition , and instantly agents are chasing him all over l.a. in no time , he 's the rising young director , with a movie deal at a major movie corporation . but he 's also starting to lose sight of his old life , as he tries to become a major success . he changes the style , plot and characters of his arty movie for demographics , turning it into a beach bums / naked ghost movie . he dumps his pretty girlfriend ( emily longstreth ) for a bimbo actress ( teri hatcher ) . when the studio head gets dropped , nick falls as quickly as he rose . but a chance encounter with an old pal gives him a second chance - - an arty music video . this time , can he get it right ? christopher guest is best known for his brilliant mockumentaries , tackling everything from small-town musicals to folk festivals . his forthcoming one is another one about showbiz . but his talents are just as present in a " typical " movie , and guest does a smart , quirky job of it . the lesson : be true to yourself and your art , do n't fall for empty glitz , and do n't let success go to your head if you 're lucky enough to get it . the story is a pretty straightforward one - - nick gets great success , it goes to his head , he falls , and he rises again a wiser man . and the movie falls into straightforward lines , without many unpredictable plot twists . at first glance , it does n't seem that unusual . what makes it special ? well , simply put , guest manages to infuse it with his unique type of wit , like the oddballish pez music video and the noir fantasies of nick 's life . not to mention the glorious dialogue . when speaking of nick 's one'n'only music video , a studio woman announces , " it 's the best one yet , and i 've seen ' em all ! " and guest manages to show us agents , artists , students , directors and actors , but never descended to cliches . they 're real people , no matter how nasty . and bacon does a solid job as a young man who learns how empty glitz is . his best scene is the reunion with his friend emmet , where he confesses , " i wanna be your friend again . " and he 's backed by good performances by longstreth , michael mckean and a dancing jennifer jason leigh . " big picture " treads where many movies have gone before , but it does so with an approach as fresh as a pez people music video . a must-see 
camera neg 273.txt i bought htis from amazon , and have troubles in playing back the video clips . almost evrytime , after a while , i do see " system error " on the screen , and then the firmware is hung . after a power-cycle , the last recorded clip is gone ! some issues with the basics...so i called sanyo service , they said this is happening because i 'm using a 4gb plain sd card . acc to the support guy , max of 2gb of plain sd is supported , for more gb , a sdhc card is needed . i could not find this info on the manual or spec...so i 'm not sure how true is this . if anyone of you know about this , please let me know . video is okay for my need...still is too bad . firmware is just about average..not too great . there is much scope of improvement to be more user friendly and more informative with lesser use of buttons . battery did not perform as promised in the spec . also , there are way too many components in the box for such a specialized product . i would expect those many in a robotics kit . 
health pos 439.txt i work at a nursing home for the elderly and travel my entire lunch break to take my kindergardener to daycare after school and then pick him up with my two year old to go home , and to know that i have this product at my beck and call . wow ! ! i am a owner of this product for 6 months now and i all i can say is i love it. . so what is requires special water a gallon lasts me for two months so i do n't mind spending $.75 every two months . i use it in conjunction with my pore cleanser from panasonic and i now i use less make up than ever . i normally wear foundation , pressed powder and loose . now it is just pressed powder . it allows my natural glow to come out and minimized my pores . i do my facial with a towel over my head to intensify the treatment along with a favorite cd and i am on a fifteen minute vacation without leaving home . i take the towel off and my pores are ready for the final stage . i turn on the cool mist and apply a moisturizer at the last minute and i am ready to face another day . 
dvd neg 48.txt someone wanted to make indiana jones part 4 , starring tom hanks and created a such puzzled labyrinth that i think the book author would n't be able to tell the whole story without looking into his notes . after watching this movie it leaves a bad taste in the mouth that you have vaisted 2 hours on nonsense . 5 stars for special effects 
books neg 31.txt the characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional , the dialog hackneyed . i have no idea why it 's on the new york times bestseller list . it was more of an obligation for me to finish this book than anything else . do n't waste your money 
camera pos 879.txt i love this camcorder . it is very easy to use , the piture quality is great . you can record wide screen or full screen . light weight , fits in the palm of your hand which is more stable and less shaky when taping . the controls are within easy reach while taping . it is so easy to use that both of my kids have even been using it and they are only 9 and 6. it is also a great price . ca n't wait for all our summer vacations to start taping . i bought this camcorder two weeks ago from best buy . i just wrote my review and then read the others and i had to add this in , there were comments being made that you can hear the tape while recording and then in the play back . i slightly hear the noise when i am taping , but i cannot hear it when i am playing it on my dvd player . to hear the noise while taping you have to have it right next to your ear . but not noticable on the playback on computer or through the dvd player 
software pos 1000.txt i have used quicken for over 12 years . whenever i got a new version , it always worked for me . but , it has too many things on it that i do n't need . i like to keep it more simple for me , so i just use the register , reconcile , reports , and lists-catagories . for all i use it for , i am happy with it 
books pos 154.txt " the case for faith " is the weakest volume in a strong series . strobel 's format is fun and engaging . i find his books as " un-put-downable " as any blockbuster page-turner . strobel holds a degree from yale law school , and he was an award-winning legal editor at the chicago tribune . he begins with a question : " does historical evidence support the historicity of jesus ? does current science support the existence of a creator god ? does it make sense to have faith in god ? " and then travels north america , interviewing acknowledged , academic experts on the question at hand . some rather shrill and not entirely rational attacks on the web protest : " but , strobel 's books are n't fair , because he only presents one side ! " perhaps these individuals missed the titles of these books , titles that appear quite prominently on the covers of the books . the first three words of each title is , " the case for.. . " no , strobel is not presenting the case *against* his topic ; he does n't represent himself as doing so . our christophobic media and academia presents that case relentlessly ; why should strobel waste paper and time doing that , when that is obviously not what he purports to be doing ? strobel 's accounts of his interviews of the experts are always reader-friendly , but he never talks down to his reader . if you do n't want to wade through the all too often alienating prose of too much academic writing , but want to get to the nub of the issue , strobel is your man . these techniques worked excellently in " the case for a creator " and " the case for christ , " but less well in " the case for faith . " there are three remarkably strong episodes in the book ; these episodes highlight what the rest of the book lacks . in the introduction , strobel interviews canadian evangelist turned atheist charles templeton . templeton presents a righteous , enraged case *against* god , and then , tearfully , admits how much he continues to adore jesus , and , indeed , to miss him . this wrenching passage masterfully captures the dilemma of many who have a love-hate relationship with their creator . in a few brief pages that serve as coda to chapter one , which addresses the question of suffering , strobel 's friend marc harrienger talks about his own pain when his wife ran over their child with the family car . this very brief account is testimony to the power of faith , even in the face of profound suffering . in another brief passage , strobel tells of his friend ron bronski , who went from being a vicious criminal to being a christian minister . these highly personal passages are what i will remember best from this book ; they were the most rewarding to read . the formal interviews with the experts did n't do a lot for me , and some were alienating . norman geisler 's treatment of the slaughter of the amalakites alienated me with its coldness and divorce from human concerns . it may be true that in war , children are killed with their adults - - when the us bombed german and japanese cities during ww ii we killed children as well as adults - - but any attempt to address such killings would have to be delivered with more compassion than geisler manages to convey . too , there is doubt , if not complete disbelief , among archaeologists as to whether these wars of conquest ever took place ( see israel finkelstein . ) the chapter entitled " church history is littered with oppression and violence " was especially weak , compared to other treatments of the same material . strobel 's treatment of the witch trials could have been improved with insights from lyndal roper 's work . strobel does n't handle understandings of nazism as a christian phenomenon well at all . the insistence that nazism was a christian phenomenon is revisionist and divorced from historical fact , and that should be made immediately clear as day in any discussion of the matter . nazism was a pagan and a scientific phenomenon . the pagan swastika was to replace the christian cross . scientific approaches to what constitutes life worthy of life was to replace " weak " christian ideas about humanity 's unity as god 's children and the value of all life . this is not made clear enough in strobel 's account . all in all , i have to say i 've encountered better treatments of the question of faith in other books ... and yet , strobel is such a good writer , and his technique is so engaging , that you could do worse than to read this book . read the other two books in the series first , though . 
health neg 943.txt contrary to purported performance claims , my experience with these batteries has significantly worsened my opinion of duracell 's products . decades of experience with everready energizers - and with other duracell products ( e.g. , coppertops ) - show procell products to be markedly inferior in performance . regardless of how long their shelf life may be , they simply have n't performed up to par , much less equally to other alkaline batteries . this has just been my experience - over daily use , over many months , with set after set of procell aa batteries . take it for what its ' worth 
dvd neg 903.txt this is a perfect example of what bill hicks used to rant about . mediocre hacks live forever and pollute the earth with their existence while brilliant geniuses die way too early.....rip bill ! i 'm afraid you were right.......you died at 33 and andrew is still here ! get me off this planet now 
software pos 959.txt as the editor of the learning spanish products reviews ( learningspanishproductsreviews ) site , one of my responsibilities is to review learning-spanish software products that are listed on amazon . i am also a native spanish speaker and a professional spanish instructor . rosetta stone spanish is a great learning spanish product for a child or pre-teenager that wants to learn spanish . this software features native speakers , real-life images , and a speech recognition feature . your child or pre-teenager will find that this software is lots of fun . but the photographs do appear to be from at least two decades ago . i 'd actually give this product 5 stars as a tool for teaching a child or pre-teenager spanish . but as a learning-spanish product for an adult the effectiveness of the product really depends on whether the adult is a visual learner or not . my advice is for you to also experiment with some of the auditory or auditory / text based comprehensive spanish courses sold on amazon , and decide if you are primarily a visual or auditory ( or auditory / text ) learner . even if you determine that you learn better with or an auditory spanish course you can still get good results with rosetta stone spanish , by using it to complement your main auditory home-study spanish course . you may also find the rosetta stone software helpful if you 're an adult that has one or more of the major comprehensive auditory courses under your belt , and now you are merely seeking to expand your vocabulary . 
music pos 133.txt grew up on this group . love them then and love them now . own the & quot ; best of&quot ; collection but you can never compile the best on one cd . for those winans fans you know what i 'm talking about . these brothers are music genuises especially marvin winans . like stevie wonder they were ahead of their time . my favorite song on this album shares the message of all times . & quot ; together we stand&quot ; opens up the eyes to all race , religion , and creed that its time to come together if we want to see a change in this world regardless of background . entire album is great including the celebrity appearances such as stevie wonder , teddy riley , and aaron hall . i like the flavor the cameos add to this album . if you 're into mid-tempo music this is the album to purchase 
books pos 359.txt this is a charming little book . it 's very concise , profusely illustrated , and it covers the basic geometry of platonic and archimedean solids . it delightfully summarizes the work of plato / theaetetus , archimedes , euclid , kepler , and euler in only 57 pages , half of which contain only illustrations . as a model-builder who attaches no special religious significance to polyhedra , i was a little concerned when i looked at the other books in the series that this book might be about " sacred geometry . " fortunately ( at least from my point of view ) it does not contain a word about it , except for a cursory reference to the elements plato associated with each of the platonic solids . a table at the end includes the dihedral and central angles and edge / radius ratios for all the platonic and archimedean solids- -all the info a model builder needs ! this book wo n't impress anyone with a mathematics background , but for a layman like me , it 's a perfect introduction . kudos to sutton for putting this material in such an elegant and accessible format 
music pos 489.txt the afro-eurasian eclipse is a groundbreaking suite , full of intriguing new sounds and grooves . ellington did n't fade into predictability and mundanity in his last years ; instead , his compositions became more and more original and exciting . this suite has rocking , swinging , waltzing grooves that , though seemingly disparate , work together and illustrate the theme stated in the duke 's spoken introduction to the suite : to show that " the whole world is going oriental , and that no one will be able to retain his or her identity.. . not even the orientals . " duke does n't leave his standbys behind , though . the phenomenal playing of ashby , carney , jones , and the rest of the orchestra keeps the afro-eurasian eclipse firmly rooted in virtuosity , even when playing to new grooves , melded with african , asian , and australian rhythm and sound . on a personal note , this is one of my favorite cds . aside from the remarkable music , it gets bonus points for the spoken introduction , at the beginning of the " chinoiserie " track . audio notes give the listener a greater understanding of the cd , especially one with a single focus , like this one . 
books neg 468.txt i 'll start with the positive : the main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall , good-looking , smart , humble , etc. the story was engaging and made for a quick read because it was easy to follow , carried the reader along and crafted as to have no wasted words . in short , it was a competent work of fiction . that 's where my praise ends , because this is the type of work that contributes to our national problems by feeding false stereotypes and radical agendas . sure , it 's a work of fiction , no one is going to take it seriously , yada yada yada . but that 's not true , is it ? so many people in this country believe that this the plot of this book is plausible and even to be encouraged - - just look at the reviews to find the believers . alright , here are my problems with it : first , politicians are corrupt and will sell-out anyone to maintain power , but that 's not true if you 're a conservative farm-boy elected despite your honesty from a midwestern state . in term limits , vince flynn just beats you over the head with the " power corrupts " mantra - he does n't show it in the actions so much as just repeats it like the chorus of a bad rap song , yet from the lips of the marine combat veteran congressman who is our protagonist . you know what , though ? there are people in politics on both sides of the aisle who really want to do what 's right , who really are trying to make a difference for the positive , for this nation and the citizens . in this book , however , the public is a tool to be used and treated as if they are n't smart enough to make good decisions . second , murder is a viable answer . this repeats another mantra that conservatives repeat often - that they do the hard fighting and living to protect this nation and its freedoms so that the liberals can live in their fantasy-land . come on , get real . this book touts a special forces unit as being so committed to the constitution that they are willing to murder high-level politicians and threaten the president with assassination if he does n't balance the budget . and , they get away with it because it 's really the right side to be on . murdering our leaders is the answer according to vince flynn . murder solves the obvious weakness that we have as a nation , that being elections . elections apparently just get in the way . third , the balanced budget . for years and years - until the time this book was written - conservatives cried about the budget . the book makes it the central theme . balance the budget and make us fiscally responsible . it 's important enough for a military coup supported by the protagonist of this novel . a coup ! ! ! yet , when the conservatives did take power , despite vince flynn 's prescient forecasting ability , they ran the deficit into uncharted territory and did n't flinch . even when confronted by this atrocity of fiscal irresponsibility , they claim that now ! ! ! ! ! the deficit is n't a big deal , that it 's really just a function of the percentage of gdp and we ought to all forget about it . this book starkly reveals the disconnect between conservative priorities of the 90 's and the realized result nearly two presidential terms later . it 's like looking back in time to a parade of nit-wits . fourth , the good guys do n't do bad things . the special ops team kills only who they want and never any innocents - just the politicians . the bad guys leave a wake of messy slaughter and civilians whenever they use murder as a tool . flynn spends way too much time making this point and beating the reader over the head with it . . . killing is good when only your target dies . . . but whatever happened to that oh so famous , though shalt not ? - cv ric 
dvd neg 969.txt remember seagal 's movie " patriot " where he saves the day with flower petals dropped from a plane . that was bad . this one was by far the worst movie he has ever made . with the dubbed in voice ( why ? ) to the disjointed plot it should never have been released 
camera pos 196.txt my 2 year old is really active and my point and shoot camera cannot keep up with him . and i also do n't like the washout look when i uses flash . so i researched about which slr will best meet my needs , mainly catching fast action , candid moments and low light photos without flash . the canon 30d comes up top on the list . it has the best high iso performance in its class ( better than nikon and sony ) . and when i combine the 30d with the fast zoom lens ef-s 17-55 mm f / 2.8 is , the result is amazing . i can stop any action in daylight , capture every candid expression of my 2 yr old with the fast burst mode , and take indoor or night photos without using flash or tripod . portraits are also excellent with sharp image and beautifully blurred background ( bokeh ) . even the dimly-lit decors of the disneyland haunted mansion came out superb when we went there for the halloween party at night , without flash or tripod . this is really an important factor for me to buy this camera , as taking pictures with a tripod is not an option when your subject is an active 2 yr old . but you will need a good lens to make this work well . if you use a cheap kit lens , then it will probably not matter which camera you pick . remember that these 3 are all very good cameras and the small differences in image quality you see in reviews are apparent only when they use the best prime lens ( not the kit lens ) and crop the pictures to magnify the details . the sony is a very good choice if you are on a budget and do n't need low light performance ( use flash and save money ) . the nikon has more custom function than canon , and it is really as good as canon . they both have their strength and weakness . canon just happens to have slightly better high iso performance and that suits my need better than nikon . to be fair , i should mention that the nikon d200 tops most reviews as the camera of the year , beating the canon 30d overall . but the d200 is a bit too advanced for an amateur like me , better suits someone more serious about photography . the d80 is like a " mini " d200 , but slower . so it really boils down to what you really need and how much you want to spend . shooting in low light without flash will need good high iso performance , a good fast lens ( with wide aperture , usually expensive ) , and image stabilization . if that 's what you want , the canon 30d with the ef-s 17-55 mm f / 2.8 is will not disappoint you 
camera neg 171.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
health neg 500.txt this scale is too small , i have size 11 feet and my feet dont fit on the scal 
software neg 268.txt do not order this . tech support from broderbund is basically non-existant . one sorry product 
software neg 50.txt i thought this would be a good product for my computer . i did n't know that the only way to receive this product is over the internet via download . during the process the prompts for the internet download ask you to remove ( uninstall / delete ) all of your known antivirus , spyware , and firewalls from your computer prior to install . this leaves your computer susceptible when you receive an error message . i received an error message that prevented me from completing the download . i purchased the software on aug 3 and called customer support , they researched the problem and even took remote access of my computer to try and fix the issue . they were unable to do so and then passed me to the second level of computer technicans . microsoft guards its secrets well and has varying levels of technical support , those that know the basics and those that know more . they asked me to set up a time span when i would like to receive a call from the " teir ii " agents , i chose 6-9pm . i received several calls over the next two weeks , all of them were outside of the specified time . i missed several of them because i have a career and a life . when i finally spoke with an agent they again took over remote access of my computer and were also unable to solve the issue . here it was , two weeks after i purchased the software , i still did not have what i needed . i was also unable to surf the web because the download process requires you to delete all antivirus and firewall software . i called in several times druing the ordeal and the " teir i " agents just told me that i have to wait for the call , " they 'll get to it when they get to it . " i was very upset with the customer support , i have no idea how the product is , but the customer support is just horrible . go to the windows live onecare home page and search for the " post your own thoughts " page through member accounts , you 'll see that i 'm not alone in this issue . i have since purchased other software that cover what microsoft says it will with onecare . i did not have one problem with these installs . please be aware that you might have to purchase technical support if you cannot download due to a problem with your operating system ( seperate from onecare ) . this costs an additional $35 ontop of the cost for onecare 
health neg 363.txt i personally have not taken this diet pill ; however i am compelled to note the descriptions from folks stating that they felt " trippy " " weird " and " out of sorts " . britney spears had been taking this stuff for a while...then as we all know she went all " postal " , shaved her head , attacked photographers and just all around went out in left field and did n't return.....and we wonder why she did it...hummmm.. . none the less , the side effects like those reported i 've seen personally from close friends . they should re-name this diet pill asylum-x , because that 's where you 'll be . diet pills like these have a negative effect on the seratonin in your spinal fluids , and i do n't know about you but i 'm not comfortable with something altering my state of being....just something for you to " swallow " 
music neg 363.txt jj , the name of the song you are looking for is " like you like an arsonist " by paris texas 
camera neg 771.txt if you want a nice camera that works well for 15 months , then look no further . but mine died completely and is headed for the electronic recycling bin . i did n't realize i was getting a disposable when i bought it 
camera neg 561.txt the worst thing for this is , you have to bring a bench of disc with you and replace disc every 20 min if you are capturing hd video . i think most of buyers would take hd video if you buy a hd camcorder . but a small disc can only hold 20 min hd video , have to change disc time by time . the cmos sensor is worse than ccd but it is the best sensor among cmos in this price today . a lot of noise will come in low light condition ! i bought it for $800 and return it . i think you 'd better buy sr1 with a 30g hard drive . that would be a much better one ! 
software pos 16.txt i bought this cd for my two grandchildren for christmas . they have all the other nancy drew cd 's that are out and really enjoy playing them . they are a good interactive game to challenge their minds . i am sure this one will too 
dvd neg 809.txt i have been waiting to see this film for a while now . and i just finally saw it i 'm very dissapointed . this was nothing but a low budget horror flick with cheap trills . the film sucks ! ! ! the nazi zombies coming back from there watery graves to terrorize modern day tourist that are in a small boat . and get stranded on a deserted isolated island . was a great ! idea except that with this film you 're going to be very bored and dissapointed if you ask me . i was expecting a lot more than this the zombie nazi 's make up looks silly . they 're not even frightning or scary they just made me laugh . the picture quality has aged even if it 's dvd format very grainy poor picture quality . i have seen other movies from the 1970 's on dvd and the picture quality looks excellent almost like new or like it has been digitally remasterd for it 's age . but this was awful . the only good thing it has was decent acting lol . like i said before this is nothing but a ( low budget cheap horror film ) rent it if you like . but dont purchased it it will be a waste of your money and time . 
books neg 642.txt am i the only person that felt this book was twisted , disjointed , and something was just not working ? the beginning was great but the second half left a lot to be desired . this could have been a great story , the author veered off track or something 
camera pos 352.txt if you are looking for a great all around camera , this is it ! our kids play sports and are in constant motion and the sports mode captures it all . also love the " last 4 " feature , gets some great action shots . we had the fuji 7000 before this and they have definately fixed the features that bugged me . love the new manual zoom ( if you like 35mm lenses your like this ) as well as the battery drain . i used to have to replace batteries every day , now its more like once a week with the amount we use it . my other favorite feature is the dual memory slots for those times where i forget to put it back in the camera after downloading ! so there is always one in there ! . the video comes out great and with the new manual lens you can zoom during video shots . in general , without spending a lot more , you get a great camera that keeps up with an active " picture happy " family 
health pos 790.txt having struggled with digital scales that broke after a few years , i finally decided to get the scale my doctor has . it 's terrific because i can see it clearly ( the numbers are right in my face ) and it is built to last forever ! my daughter and i assembled it with a minimum of effort . the directions are written clearly and all adjustments are super easy to handle . it is clearly the best scale i 've ever owned . the down side is that it needs a bit more space than a regular floor scale . you can , however , buy a piece of plywood and put the scale on top of the wood in a carpeted room if your bathroom ca n't handle the bigger size 
software neg 419.txt vista is appropriated named . vista defines something great to look at . if all you did was look at microsoft vista it would be the perfect operating system indeed . unfortunately vista is a computer operating system that was designed to be used and there is the problem . vista is so secure and so over burdened with layers upon burdensome processor power robbing layer of sheer garbage it is rendered totally completely and utterly useless . vista will take the fastest xp computer and turn it into a slow worthless pile of trash . vista is so slow it takes me back to the days when i used to walk away from my ibm at computer get a cup of coffee and walk around the building . what makes vista worse still is microsoft office 2007 the absolute pits in word processing . add office 2007 to vista and you wo n't be productive at all but dang wo n't it look pretty . if you just want to watch your computer make pretty colors and areo-glass catch yourself some goofs watch vista . when you want to work and be productive turn on your xp computer . windows 2000 and xp work hard while vista hardly works at all . vista is garbage do n't buy this dreck ! everything you try to do on vista is not allowed . almost every peice of equipment you run on vista needs to be updated to so called vista friendly versions . the messed up windows explorer to the point to where it is beyond useless . the problem with vista is that microsoft had taken all the wizards and helpful features far as they could in xp . in vista they had to try to top a operating system that pretty much did what you asked of it with little fuss . in vista the software code writers were just changing things because they could . vista makes nothing better or easier . in fact vista is built in a manner that almost seems to go out of its way to make even the most simple compater related tasks unpleasant needlessly long boring and tedious . in a word tedious is the best single word to describe microsoft windows vista . vista has succeeded in bringing the entire computer experience is painfully new level of the purely tedious that has not been dreamt of before ! i just wish i could give vista no stars or more honestly a negative star rating . i wo n't be buying vista for my current systems and even when i get a new computer i will not be using vista is it comes pre installed . i have my own old trusty xp disks and i will reinstalled xp the last useful usable operating system microsoft made . xp is the goofy kiddie skool like interface is ugliest operating system microsoft ever made but while it was an ugly duckling it did work pretty well . vista is by far the prettiest operating system microsoft has ever made but it is pretty and dumb . vista is over burdened with programmatic junk has a way to high opinion of itself . vista is so much more secure because all the dumb security features make the operating system unusable . any computer you make unusable is the most secure because you ca n't do any productive work on it . vista makes your computer experience endlessly tedious and makes your computer system a must see door stop . the philosophy of vista seems to be that a good computer should be seen but never productively used . vista is a great system for that well monied executive that wants to look busy while doing nothing productive 
camera neg 684.txt offers no eye comfort whatsoever . magnification is very weak . stick to original eye cu 
health pos 467.txt used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids.. . kids will be kids.. . but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push . easy to mount and easy to use 
health pos 674.txt nicely designed . , effecitve , close shave , very reasonable cost , but..could they tell you simply how to turn it on ? embarassed to admit , took me almost 15 minutes to figure out the on / off feature 
camera pos 766.txt took some nice pictures underwater in cuba . pretty easy to use . worked fine at our depth ( ~8 meters , 24 feet ) . still waiting for the chance to use it at greater depths . 
camera pos 635.txt we just got this camera after much research . the camera is easy to use and we like it but frustrated that it does n't do some of what was advertised . for the most part tho for the price and all it is fine . just read all the directions and do n't be to disappointed if it does n't play your old 8 mm tapes and a few other things like that . i wrote to sony and they said that this model does n't do a few things . so main point here is read and read and know what it is . i liked the service we received thru amazon . no problems ther 
music pos 993.txt this film came out in 1973 and i saw it in its original full length version ( about 3hours and 15 min . ) executives from columbia pictures were there , it was the premeire , and they were groaning and at the intermission fights broke out ( verbal ) and ushers passed among them and myself and everyone else with soundtrack albums . the executives left the theatre and scaled the albums across columbus circle in boston and i and a few friends retrieved them and had quite a few for free . we returned to the film and i have always loved this crazy redition of lost horizon , the miscasting , the terrible sets , the odd ball music for the story , the dubbed liv ullmann , the dance routines of olivia hussey..all of it . you cannot find a musical like it , or a soundtrack like it . columbia execs were unimaginative ; they should have believed in this film . the next day after this premeire in boston , new york etc. ( simultaneous i suppose ) the film was cut , the posters were taken down..there was a ton of material to buy..t shirts , dolls , posters of all sizes , bath towels with the poster on them , records of the sd tk of course , and small pop up sets of the entire film . it was to be a massive hit..in two days time all of the paraphanalia was removed , and the posters said , last two weeks , and in two weeks the whole thing disappeared . but many people came to see it..lines of people , and , when they heard it had been cut , they gave up , and in two weeks everyone said farewell to this film . i have many treasures from that opening nite , and now i have the cd of the sound track . anyone who loves movie magic or madness has to see and hear this film ; it is unique . enjoy this soundtrack and get your hands on a dvd ..they are out there 
music pos 433.txt i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible . 
dvd pos 382.txt this is a great movie and i got it sent to me in a reasonable time and it was a wonderful service thank you very much 
software pos 191.txt this program is very easy to use and the projects are beautiful . installation is self explanatory . this also goes for the prepararation of cards ect.detailed instructions apear at each step at the top of the window as the user moves his her mouse-pointer over various portions of the graphics . if you are looking for an easy to use program with great results , this is the one to get . with the cost of cards being what it is , this program will pay for itself very quickly . relatives will like the fact that they are getting greetings which have been personalized . i recommend this program highly 
dvd pos 672.txt this is the final season of hogan 's heroes . sgt. kinchloe ( ivan dixon ) left the series in season 5 and was replaced by sgt. richard baker ( kenneth washington ) . the other original cast members are still up to their wacky antics of outsmarting the nazis . and , it 's still hilarious . here 's a run down of the episodes from september 1970 to april 1971 : episode 1 : cuisine a la stalag 13 episode 2 : the experts episode 3 : klink 's masterpiece episode 4 : lady chitterly 's lover : part 1 episode 5 : lady chitterly 's lover : part 2 episode 6 : the gestapo takeover episode 7 : kommandant schultz episode 8 : eight o'clock and all is well episode 9 : the big record episode 10 : it 's dynamite episode 11 : operation tiger episode 12 : the big broadcast episode 13 : the gypsy episode 14 : the dropouts episode 15 : easy come , easy go episode 16 : the meister spy episode 17 : that 's no lady , that 's my spy episode 18 : to russia without love episode 19 : klink for the defense episode 20 : the kamikazes are coming episode 21 : kommandant gertrude episode 22 : hogan 's double life episode 23 : look at the pretty snowflakes episode 24 : rockets or romance if you have the previous 5 seasons , hey , you might as well get this one ! it was the end of a great tv series that brought a lot of enjoyment to millions . it still does . 
camera neg 616.txt i originally purchased the samsung duocam scd6040. it fortunately broke 1 week before the warranty ran out . the video began having giant pixilated squares when video taping and on playback . though under warranty , it still cost me $49 ( their fee ) to send in the camera for a repair . the repaired camera came back broken . i had to deal with many customer service people , but finally got them to agree mine was a " lemon " and they sent me the scd6550. now 10 months later , the video and playback on this duocam has broken . you see a black screen with yellow blocks on the lcd and through the viewfinder . i cannot video tape or playback anything on tape . it is not under warranty . i ca n't believe their cameras / duocams do n't last longer than one year . they must use cheap parts . please save yourself the headache and chose another brand . 
dvd pos 954.txt " backbeat " is an excellent portrayal of the hamburg phase of the early beatles , and succeeds on every level . although purportedly intended primarily to tell the story of " fifth beatle " stuart sutcliffe , the focus quickly shifts to john lennon who ( as in real life ) dominated the music and lives of the early beatles . it is as much the story of stu and john as the story of stu and astrid , and explores the dynamics of both complex relationships . still , it is a fascinating look at the early beatles , who paid their dues by playing in some of the rough reeperbahn bars in the pre-fame years . the cast is excellent , and were obviously chosen for their talent rather than their resemblance to the characters they portrayed . the music is also excellent , and complements the story perfectly . in all , " backbeat " is an entertaining journey through the world of the early beatles , and is well worth purchasing for repeat viewings . 
music pos 593.txt " debut " is used to describe someone 's first release . not their third . a classic , 5 stars...pmg in an exciting , formative mode 
dvd pos 391.txt for a plot synopsis please read the amazon review . i wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film . as a longtime fan of both sam raimi ( of the evil dead series ) and bill paxton ( aliens , twister ) , i went to see this on opening night . not many people can claim this i 'm sure because it was and is , such a small film that received next to no marketing . for shame . this film is in the best tradition of modern film noir including blood simple and fargo , both made by the cohen brothers . film buffs will be able to draw the connections to those films and their filmakers , so i wo n't bother to get into that . should you have seen either of these films and enjoyed them , i suggest you stop reading and immediately rent a simple plan . if not , keep reading and i will try to express why this film is so remarkably brilliant . and why i hope you will take a look at it . a simple plan is , at its core , about four people . and underneath all the plot devices and twists , it 's about how they relate to one another . notice i did't say characters , because this film does n't have actors simply delivering dialogue . it 's about people you get to know , understand and sympathise with as they undergo the most brutal of dilemmas . sure , finding a mysterious bag filled with money is an excellent plot device , but the heart of this film is much simpler than that . it 's about the basic human flaw of committing a criminal act and trying to weasel your way out of it . and being forced to do the most unthinkable things in the process . that 's what gives this film such depth . you watch these people try to figure out how to cover every angle so they can get away with stealing a whole lot of cash . and in the end it falls apart for two reasons : the details and the human factor . they say the devil is in the details and this is never truer than with a crime . as for the human factor , where greed is concerned , people cannot trust one another because they fear the other person 's greed while are unable satisfy their own . in many respects this film is almost an homage to blood simple and fargo , but in many ways i think it is superior . i often draw the comparison by a scene which is both a simple plan and blood simple where a body is increasingly difficult to dispose of . and even afterwards , after the emotional toll the has been taken , once one evil act is committed , another is sure to follow . it 's so painfully facsinating to watch a person work out their problem on camera , frantically going over the details in their mind , all the while their heart is beating a mile a minute . bill paxton does this better than anyone . he is such a likable man ( both in the film and in life ) that you ca n't help but feel sorry for the mess he has created . his entire performance is a balancing act between getting away with a seemingly harmless crime , keeping his partners at bay and their mouths shut while being prodded along by his conspirator wife . that may make them all sound malicious , but really the opposite is actually true . they 're all normal folks , like we 've all seen a hundred times . and in the end it really gets to you because you can imagine how you would react in the same situations they find themselves in . after all , were you faced with the choice to steal a couple million dollars that no one would miss , what would you do ? but then again , nothing is ever that simple 
dvd pos 68.txt francis ford coppola 's apocalypse now is a pure example of method filmmaking . it is the true craftmanship of an essential filmmaker . the art direction , editing and sound effects are partially a small fragment which makes this film classical and memorable . what drives the integrity and semblance of the film is the storyline , acting and inner message . the inner message evidently enough is that war is hell , or in other words , hell is war . not many directors have the ambition or the true courage to establish such a well-defined piece of art . european filmmakers would n't have the slightest problem of directing the film or throw in their personal feelings about the war . what is most interesting is that an american filmmaker spoke his style and the style of the film 's collaborators through the continuance of the film . the plot is fairly simple and brief , adapted by joseph conrad 's heart of darkness . martin sheen plays the role of captain willard , a war-torn character who does not see any hope in life or humanity anymore . he has a mission and it is to capture a presumed colonel kurtz ( marlon brando ) who has fabricated an army of existensial soldiers on the outskirts of the cambodian jungle . throughout the film we encounter astonishing sequences . the most unforgettable is the dawn helicopter attacks . robert duvall 's character colonel kilgore is a steady and firm example of the basic american army brain : to search and destroy and then destroy some more if it includes yourself . the children walk about the playground , oblivious to any danger . the helicopters come into view from the dawning sea ; millions of sprinkle reflect from the water , we hear the helicopter 's engines roar from the horizon and soon enough we are stuck in a messy attack . throughout the sequence we hear wagner 's ' ride of the valkyries' . it is method filmmaking . the starting sequence is as fascinating as the rest of the movie ; a beautiful scene of palm trees blowing in the ragged wind and seconds away from being inflamed with a carpet bombing . let 's not forget the scene where the soldiers of the boat in which sheen travels in , stop an innocent upcoming boat , suspecting them to be vietcongs and carrying artilleries . then they spark off a heavy scene of shooting in which all of the passengers of the boat are pulverised to pieces with their crops and food savaged in the atrocity . this film has its famous moment , some better to be kept quiet about until they come through the screen . it does n't require any intellectual understanding , although the film is intellectually remarkable . the american soldiers in the vietnam war jumped into the land of a fresh governmental country , aiming to protect themselves and in the end only received death and chaos for their troops and for the majority of the country they were fighting against . it was a war gone mad , like all other wars , without purpose or dignity . it was a pure act of humanity : to destroy and restore their own greedy needs . this is a film in which there is no saviour , where it is hardly possible to find hope in the gloomiest corners and where all surroundings are plagued with the infatuations of greed , anger , foolishness and egoism . as coppola once said about the film : ' this film is n't about vietnam . this film is vietnam' . he was right to the date . during the current situations of the world , where they are trying to protect their own skin , the world should try to analyse this film as much as possible and wonder about what it is trying to represent . it is a film which does not ask for applause or damnation . it asks for realism . enjoy 
software neg 507.txt this software does not come close to the once-upon-a =-time quality of adobe products . it is shot full of bugs overall . not only does it cause your photoshop system to quit working , it affects your entire mac operating system . adobe knows this is true because they try to cover up with a several page discussion about how operating systems , not lightroom , can cause problems . their approach of blaming someone else is shameful . the design of the product is marginal ; almost impossible to read the dark grey print on black backgrounds . it is slower than anything i have ever seen . i could go on and on but it only raises my blood pressure . i have spent the entire weekend fixing the computer programs broken by this " half done " system. . if you buy it , you will waste a lot of time like i did . the software is going back to amazon tomorrow morning . amazon , shame on you for selling such a poor product . 
dvd neg 159.txt i love the firm workouts , and i love the instructor allie , so i was so excited to try this new workout . i was unfortunately extremely disappointed . this workout was not complicated , but it also was n't much of a workout . i did n't get my heart rate up at all , and did n't break a sweat . some of the moves are just not very good , and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying . the disco part was my favorite , but overall , this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout . i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout , but that 's just because i have it . i 've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money...this one i am sad to say is not . 
dvd neg 638.txt this is the dumbest , most predictable , horrible waste of time i 've ever ever seen . this movie tried very very hard to be funny and simply wasn't . it took a pretty good idea and butchered it by cliche jokes and feel good high school humor that 's supposed to encourage all of us angsty youngings to go to europe , drink , and copulate with any random gorgious blonde that happens to walk past us . after watching this movie i felt incredible stupid and regret being apart of a culture that could make such main stream trash . my only hope is that our european friends did n't seen this for it would most certainly cause an international incident 
software neg 390.txt despite generally good experiences with microsoft products , windows live onecare seems to have resulted in very poor performance on a brand new lenovo pc running windows xp . i removed it and performance has improved back to where it was , now running mcafee for virus scanning etc 
health neg 84.txt this pedometer is so much cheaper ( ~$7 ) than the typical decent ones ( that go for about $18 - $20 ) .. now i know it is for a reason. . the buttons are flimsy , the package looks very cheap , the one i bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work , also found that the sr citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device. . terrible ergonomics / form factor . would recommend spending a bit more and getting the omron / oregon sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor , high reliability and quality 
health neg 704.txt the size is good but the second one we ordered leaked . the cap did not fit.. . the after taste is not so strong but very difficult to see the difference from an ordinary stainless steel container / warmer which costs only $6- $10 dollars in the market around . too pricy and the thin plastic cap does not match well with the product 
software pos 238.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot ! 
health neg 679.txt i bought this item for the warmth . the heat level is so low that i never can tell when the heat is on . as for the massage , it 's about what i expected - no good at all . overall , i would say this item is worthless . 
dvd pos 964.txt let me start by saying that i love this movie and love fulci.this was the first fulci flick i seen and when i first watched it i thought it was a little overrated , it was only after i watched the majority of his other movies that i really learned to appreciate it . ( let me explain . ) this was the one of his movies that failed to shock me.when i watched the regurgitation of giblets scene from ' city ' i was shocked.when i watched the nipple scene in ' ripper ' i was shocked.watching this again i realize its probably the best done of all his movies but definetely not his goriest and the story isnt really the greatest ( im sorry ) .the only reason i write this review is probably because the poor reviews of the two other two movies ive mentioned , which honestly i enjoyed more.zombie is a great movie but nowhere near his best or goriest . ( isnt that why we watch fulci flicks ? 
dvd pos 935.txt this dvd is a great complement to the dvd 's offered by vce ( trinity and beyond , nukes in space , etc ) . by itself , it is a highly technical look at the process of testing materials , military equipment , and building materials during three atomic test series covered on the dvd set . the quality of the film varies between the three discs . the last civil defense video on disc 2 suffers a lot of audio warble , unfortunately . but , it is nice to see these important historical documents preserved in a digital format . i 've owned trinity and beyond for several years , and i really enjoy the way it is presented . but , it has to cover so many tests in a short amount of time that it skims over a lot of information about testing procedures , etc. you begin to get the impression that the military was doing these tests for their own amusement . after watching this dvd , i have a much better understanding of the entire process . it 's easy to see why the military was eager to do so many tests in the early days of the atomic weapons program . the science of the atomic bomb was a moving target , and this dvd outlines the research they made . though i would never like to see anyone use atomic weapons ever again , their sheer power is fascinating , beautiful , and frightening at the same time . if you are interested in the science of atomic testing , you should really take a look at this set 
music pos 573.txt the rosary is very well produced . a powerful tool to crush the devils head 
health neg 483.txt this machine bubbles but they are anything but quiet . the water was cold in less than 2 minutes even though i put hot water in has per the instructions . a bucket would probally have done better along with air pump from my fish tank 
software neg 759.txt after researching a few options on the market i tried kaspersky internet security suite 6.0. i needed only anti-virus but since the rebates made the whole suite cost the same as anti-virus alone i decided to give it a try . man , i was really disappointed . out of 7 programs only 2 started and have been working properly : anti-virus and proactive defense . the suite was trying to start other 5 programs and was requesting to reboot laptop constantly . after trying all i could i decided to call or email for help . and this is where i got my surprise - none of the contact information led me to any live person . i emailed to all addresses available on the net and in the program . i called all us numbers i could - they even do n't have a live representative here . if you try to call a number for us and canada you will reach one of those accept all calls and leave your numbers with wait all you can for response time . i filled out two bug reports directly from the program with the same result . one of the selling points of anti-virus program was hourly updates . well , guess what . you are lucky to have a daily update without a manual interaction . i thought that something is wrong with my work laptop and installed second program ( i was nave and bought two ) on a brand new installation of windows xp . result was absolutely identical . if you do n't believe me - try to contact any of their support ( not sales ) channels before you buy their product . my final view on this product would be : 1. great idea 2. maybe great initial implementation ( the reviews were great ) 3. and unavailable support . do n't waste your time and money 
software pos 613.txt i travel a lot ; this product saves me valuable time in unfamiliar surroundings . i have my laptop open on the seat and plot my position and where i want to go - it 's easy ! if i miss a turn , the " reroute from present position " feature is great ! it takes a little getting used to , but if you tend to be more visual , or you do n't generally do well with maps , or maybe you just want to know where you are in relation to where you 're going - - ms streets and trips is tops 
camera neg 41.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
software pos 872.txt excellent product . the ' over $450 value ' might be a bit overstated but the packages is still an excellent value . during installation , the 1 year free trial to [...] showed up as a 30 day trial but was resolved quickly through familytreemaker.com support and a subsequent call to ancestry.com support . ancestry.com provided a 1 year free trial to their us deluxe product over the phone and did n't ask for a credit card number for renewal . to me , that 's a sign that they 're a reputable company . some of the additional software in the package is buried on the installation cd but is worth the extra manual effort to find and install - especially the gensmart software . 
software neg 443.txt very limited photo touch up . when it comes time to burn you might as well have customer service on the phone . pretty much a total piece of crap ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
camera neg 498.txt this camera looks cool . but it 's so , so not cool . the people responsible for this device should be ashamed of themselves . this is by far one of the worst products i have ever purchased . ever . by the second day the lens cap no longer stayed in place . it " clips " on.. . but not for long . the camera 's internal memory is rubbish and the camera totally destroyed my memory card somehow . it 's complelety unreadable . even with a 150mb card i could only take a few short quality videos . you can shoot more video if you use the low quality settings . and i 'm talkin ' low quality . worse than any video you 've seen online . more problems include the battery cover falling off without hardly even touching it . the controls and interface are not intuitive . you 'll probably end up accidentally deleting files you meant to keep . oh , and the earbuds that come with the camera / mp3 player / hunk-o-junk are huuuuge . they are n't comfortable in the least and the cord is too short . i had the camera in my pocket and when i stood erect , the earphones were violently yanked from my ears . they 're obviously intended for oompa-loompas . i 'm sure i could have found more problems with this thing , but it eventually died on me for no reason . do n't waste your time with this . you will be sorely disappointed . in fact , if i could give this product a rating of-10 stars i would do so . i 'm so extremely disappointed with this camera 
dvd neg 247.txt before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way . there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than 60% of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted . the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's . the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values.. . i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is . in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex 
health pos 689.txt this is a useful tool in that it makes the software / hardware combination available at a less expensive price than any other i am aware of . my only criticism is that there is not a lot of information on interpretation of the output , although from reading heart math literature one can get a sense of what one is doing . however for the price it is definitely worth it and i could see that some people may want to get the game mostly for the option of having this expansion pack 
software neg 691.txt i was so excited to get this ! the terrain on our lot has quite a slant to it because we 're on a hill . my husband and i thought this would easily help us create a materials list for our retaining walls that we wanted to put out front . long story short.. . i spent hours ( at least 40 ) getting the dimensions of our house correct and trying to get the yard right . we even rented a surveying instrument to determine the slope of our yard to input elevation points . many hours wasted.. . the software does not let you set the height of the retaining walls and it inputs random walls and pieces of wall in the 3-d view that you ca n't get rid of . the flowers are hard to place , they do n't end up where you want them . besides , the " plant chooser " does n't have hardly any perrenial plants to choose from . bottom line : i spent $50 in software costs and $50 for a surveying instrument and ended up having to calculate the wall length and height manually . if you have a flat lot , this might work well for you . for anyone that has hills , or slopes to their yard , good luck ! 
software neg 86.txt if i had $1 for every time a cs2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , i 'd have about $10. and that 's enough for me to say , beware of this set of applications ! adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs ( but principally golive , indesign and illustrator , in that order ) are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . i cannot stress how disappointed i am in adobe , and how distraught i am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . in any event , do not buy the cs2 apps , adobe does not deserve your support 
dvd neg 254.txt i really enjoyed goodbye lenin , and it was mostly on the basis of seeing thatm film that i decided to watch this one . the film follows three idealistic , politically right-on young people rebelling against what they see as unthinking , selfish and uncaring bourgeois consumer society . this rebellion takes the form of breaking into rich peoples houses , moving their furniture around , and leaving notes like ' you are too wealthy ' - very situationist ( never mind the fact that this point is probably largely lost on the rich people they break into ) . all this is fine and well , but the problem with the film is that on the one hand it glamourises these young people , and on the other paints every single other person in the film as some rich , ignorant bourgeois pig . in the first ten minutes or so , i thought this might be a clever bit of directing , in which we view society as seen through their eyes , rather than society in its reality . however , this was n't to be the case . the world remained bourgeois , the kids are alright . the older generation bourgeoise are bare cyphers , and none ( with the exception of the man they kidnap ) is given anything like a personality . when a break-in goes wrong and they have to kidnap the rich man who lives there , and take him away to a shack in the hills . during this time , they decide to ' educate ' him about the wrongs of the world and the rich man 's part in them . the rich man barely challenges the young people at all , and accepts much of what he has done is probably wrong . the anti-capitalist argument running through the entire film is very one-sided . i could appreciate the film a little bit more if it was balanced , but this wasn't . furthermore , there are all the usual cliches associated with this type of work - the edukators are young , good-looking and artistic - the subtext being that because they are arty , they can see things that others can't . at one point , one of the characters is on a bus when three men ( presumably police , though its not made clear ) hassle a drunk for not having a ticket . the character angrily bursts in and tells them to leave the drunk alone , gives the drunk his ticket , and gets off the bus . do drunks even get hassled on buses by gangs of police ? ca n't say that 's my experience - amybe they do in germany . this is a recurring problem with the film - situations designed to show the main characters in a good light are contrived and unrealstic . the anarchist / marxist / anti-capitalist dialouge the characters preach is so generic that it actually ends up being meaningless - by the end of the film you do n't actually know what exactly they stand for , or what their solutions are to the problems of society . basically , the one-sided political argument hamstrings the characters development . their views are never challenged , so they do n't change . it is left to the kidnapping and love triangle to create the conflict in the film . the ending is also unbeleivably cynical , and completely undoes any idealism that had been generated in the course of the film . generally , it feels like a script written by a 1st year politics student , being so utterly simplistic in it 's ' the rich are all bad ' message . i would recommend this to anyone who is 17 years old and angry at society , but at the same time i would n't recommend it to anyone who wanted some insight into how we should solve the world 's problems . there has been a rash of good political films lately - good night and good luck , syriana , the constant gardener . unfortunately , and given so much potential , this film is not one of them . shame 
music pos 117.txt what a beautiful album ! one of the rare albums that has no fillers or weaker cuts . i 'd call it a classic but that makes it sound dusty . these songs could come out in 20 years and still sound fresh . 
camera pos 314.txt this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that 
music neg 66.txt um. i have nothing against bands that are " mainstream " . that has nothing to do with their quality of sound . ( granted , many mainstream bands are horrible , but they all deserve a chance , no ? ) dave , though , he has never impressed me . not that he 's awful , i suppose it 's okay background music...better than nothing . just oh so mediocre . i do n't understand why is he so highly praised ? voice-wise ? eh. nothing special . lyrics ? hah ! music ? umm.. . bland ? it 's all the same ! maybe i 'm missing something ? if you like one of dave 's songs , then by all means , buy this ! you can be sure your money will be spent on nearly exact replicas of that song . two stars because it 's at least music . but that 's on the high side , considering how static it is . dave will never find a place in my cd player or in my computer . 
dvd neg 846.txt if you must see a cannibal film stick to cannibal holocaust . the grindhouse release is well worth the money . however the grindhouse release of ferox is just awful . the picture quality is horrendous . the movie is lacking any redeemable quality . there are a few violent moments , but just a few . one of the absolute worst italian horror / exploitation films made . if cannibal holocaust is the citizen kane of cannibal films , then ferox is the plan 9. 
software pos 54.txt i have been using v.7 from the last week or so and i am very pleased with it . it loads very fast ( unlike all other adobe versions ) , the conversion to pdf from doc or ppt files also is much quicker . i have not encountered any problems yet , but its only been 7 days since i am using it. . definitely worth the upgrade 
books pos 32.txt this book gives a thorough analysis on how public policies were the catalysts for the socioeconomic destruction of low-income communities of color in new york city . necessary reading for those who still do not realize that activism and organizing are important vehicles through which marginalized communities keep in check the forces that seek to further fragment and disenfranchise them 
health neg 219.txt even though a set looked exactly like on a picture bare in mind that the box is about the size of a paperback , and it weighs about the same . all the bottles are realy tiny , they look like a one time use products , the once you receive for free with your purchase , and the brush quality is not what i expected from this company . if you are looking for a present you will feel rather embarassed to give it 
software neg 429.txt i should have ordered thru amazon to avoid the confusion , since they state the vercsion needed , but where i ordered from did not mention the 5.5 version requirement , and on the box cover , there is no stipulation about this , only a generic statement that a previous version is required . how hard would it be for them to print on the box what versions will and will not work ? ? ? ? ? ? adobe customer service would not budge , so i am returning the product . of course , christmas is ruined for the person i bought this for , and i am out shipping and handling charges . thank you adobe . obviously , i ca n't recommend anyone buy from adobe at this point . it 's easy to see why warez are popular when companies are this foolish 
dvd pos 711.txt a musician 's story . all factual and carefully done , showing a gathering of cuban jazz greats after many years of not performing . good photography , interesting scenes and good music . they still play ! well done 
software pos 715.txt i love this especially for it 's basic qualities . i originally started with the version where it could be put on a 1.44 floppy that i got from my dentist , went to version 2001 a few years later . with version 2001 my bank no longer would support downloads for that it , and i knew i would have to upgrade some time . i was comfortable with 2001 so i was glad to find this 2007 was easy to adapt to just a bit sleeker but adding my ability to download from my bank once again . for someone who does n't have the need for all the extras this is perfect 
music neg 469.txt let me first say this , roots is basically paul simon 's graceland , except nu-metalized . these guys went to south america , cut a couple of terrible tracks with " natives " ? , then filled the rest of it out with generic nu-metal crapola with that guy from korn cut and pasted into the mix for good measure . this is a particularily bad example of the vile and thank-you-god-in-heaven-it's -dead nu-metal genre-meaningless pissed off lyrics , excessive " guesting " of other crappy artist , bad guitar , bad sitar ( ! ) , and the inclusion of anything to do with korn , all presumabely done with band members sporting loinclothes and rambo style striped face paint . the biggest waste of time , money , and matter . its a shame that these guys are living and breathing and taking up space and resources that someone else could be using . a real bummer . 
software pos 581.txt very easy to use , lots of clips and templates . loading glitch wo n't let disc 3 load , have to use program with disc 3 in the cd tray . otherwise very happy with the program 
camera pos 423.txt after a week of testing this camcorder , i found it good enough for daily use . the hd2 does not come with an sd card , so make sure you buy one before or at the time you get the hd2. i got a 2gb sd a-data and a 4gb sdhc qpi class6. both worked fine . the 4gb gives me about 1:20h in standardhd mode , and 55mns in superhd mode . i did n't notice a speed difference between a class2 and a class6 sd card using the hd2 , i think you should be fine with an 8gb sdhc class2. my first impression of the camera is how small it is , however it may not fit in a jean pocket . it turns on very quick , you can start filming within 2secs of startup . it has a lady voice telling the mode you are using ( ie camera mode ) , not sure if this is useful for others , but not for me . the video and still pictures are great outdoor . the video quality is impressive during a bright sunlight . in a room lighten by a 60w equivalent fluo light , the video quality is grainy / noisy , this has been confirmed by other people as well . the high sensitivity feature ( to boost the image quality at low light ) helps but not enough . my 7yrs old sony digital8 does a better job at 1lux . i noticed that video quality is grainy at low light , but 7mp still picture quality is very good for the same lighting . compared to my new canon sd800 at 7mp , it is obvious the canon digital camera wins . on the video side , i played with several configuration , iso setting , white balance , resolution , etc.. . it does helps , but the video is still grainy at low light . this camcorder has not been designed for low light filming . i ran into an issue when transfering the video & pictures from the hd2 with its cradle to the pc via usb connection . i got errors transfering the files if you use the craddle ( this will freeze the hd2 ) . i am not sure why , i have to check with sanyo on this . if you connect the hd2 directly to the pc ( without the cradle ) , the transfer goes smooth . so there is an issue with the cradle and usb port . i am also using pinnacle studio 10.5 for my video editing . so far , i have not been able to use it and control my hd2. you can however copy the files from sd to your pc , and use these files with pinnacle studio . since i film most of the time outdoor during daytime , this camera does the job fine and video quality is great . i would still give a 5 stars even with the video issues at low light . 
music pos 795.txt as always , opinions vary in terms of who is the master at recording timeless pieces of music such as these bach cello suites . starker himself pronounced in the sleeves of this cd that this edition , the 4th recordings of these music by himself is not " technically perfect " , but in many ways , his most mature interpretation . you can spend hundreds trying to find a mercury copy of " the perfect " rendition ; or you can appreciate the little imperfections of an aged artist , at the height of his humanistic understanding of music , and of life . 
camera neg 873.txt i was attracted to the cannon zr800 due to the very small size and very low cost . however , you get what you pay for , although you get much more in other brands for just a little increase in cost . i 've already returned my cannon zr800 and replaced it with the sony dcr-hc38. the smallest problem with the canon is the continued motor noise , which you should be aware of it if you have read any review for any of the zr800 predecessors . the problem is that the motor is very loud , and you will hear a very annoying whirr if you are indoors . this could be forgivable given the low cost , but the problem with the zoom noise is not . when you zoom in and out , a very noticable clicking noise occurs when you let go of the zoom switch . it is a loud click and when you play back your video this click is amplified on your video . it is impossible to watch a video and not notice this click . it is annoying , unusual and a big flaw with these new zr cannon camcorders . i called technical support , the person took a zr800 and tried it out and then acknowledged that a problem does exist ( she seemed stunned that this noise was occuring ) . bottom line , this camcorder is absolutely unusable due to this clicking noise and would not be worth using even if it were free . do not but it . btw , i love the sony dch-hc38 which is a bit more expensive and , like the zr800 , just recently came onto the market . 
camera pos 225.txt i spent alot of time evaluating this product . finally after reading the reviews i dug deep and spent the extra dollars to get this lense . it has been a wounderful addition to my canon reble . it is a very high quality product that is easy to use and delivers beautiful shot every time . 
dvd pos 826.txt this was part of the marvel action hour along with iron man . at first , the animation and dialogue was pretty bad and they had annoying supporting characters , but the series remain true to the comics . the story lines they took from the comics were done very well , like episodes involving the silver surfer 
health pos 515.txt i have had other bath pillows that slid around or just were not comfortable , either itchy or not supportive at all . this pillow is just right , and nice and soft , and has n't gotten exceptionally dirty or moldy , which i was worried about 
camera neg 549.txt i was really disappointed in this product . it worked great when i first got it . but before the first charge on the batteries wore out it stopped working . it was more expensive to return it or have it repaired than it was to buy a new camera . like i said , disappointed 
books neg 937.txt erickson , a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works , all based on bogus , doctored and unrelaible soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of bolshevik invincability . 
dvd neg 355.txt after enjoying " cowboy bebop " and " samurai champloo " , someone recommended checking out " flcl " aka " fooly cooly . " if you enjoyed those previous titles , i would suggest steering clear of this particular anime . the art is interesting enough but the story is simply lacking , the characters are completely and utterly undeveloped . it almost seems like they are making fun of you for watching their anime . this the second dvd of three and has 40 minutes of programming . i read somewhere that this was not even a real show and that they threw it together to test out new animation techniques- - if you 've seen all 6 episodes and are still wondering " what the heck was that " this does not seem to be untrue . please i strongly suggest you skip watching this program because it is , simply put , garbage . 
software neg 636.txt i 'm sure it 's a good product for beginners , but i already had an older version of quickbooks ( from 1995 ) and the only way i could export / import the old data into a newer version of quickbooks was with qb pro . simple start does n't allow you to import data from older versions 
dvd pos 933.txt i like this video for it 's frankness and straight forward approach of a woman enjoying herself . like yoga , it requires slowing down and noticing how your body feels while your watching it . the energy slowly rises and the woman increases it by playing with the tempo and rhythm of her touches . the quality of her session is unhurried and she is very relaxed and keeps her body still but her finger is moving in synchronicity with her orgasm . i found that in itself very interesting and different . it is refreshing to find a product that is different from the common depiction of women emulating ecstasy but one in which shows a woman actually really feeling what it feels like to create it in her body and show what it looks like . she shows a way of masturbating and stretching the sensation out that can really tweak your reality of how much pleasure a woman is capable of experiencing , a mind bender so to speak , and it challenges the cultural limitations of what orgasm is for a woman and how she experiences it 
books pos 927.txt this book is lovely , the perfect " medicine " for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world . it has a lot of information packed in , yet is presented in a clear , straightforward manner . as i read the book , many things about my life and the way i react to change fell into place for me , and this book gave me not only new insights about myself , but also practical , positive ideas for better ways i can deal with change in my own life 
books neg 874.txt if we are to draw equivalent lessons from both the prague spring and street protests in the u.s. , as kurlansky attempts in this book , the connection should depend on more than that they simply occured in the same year . the reader is owed specifics , yet is rewarded with little more than vague platitudes . prague was a protest against a government which not only lacked representation and dissent , but prohibited it . chicago et al were protests against decisions made by a representative government , however flawed , resulting from open debate . a bigger difference could hardly be imagined . but kurlansky does see striking differences , albeit only in the post-1968 world . the soviet bloc began it 's decent to oblivion , while the capitalist west avoided the same . his disappointment in the latter is not hard to glean , though what manner of " revolution " he envisions is never rendered to specifics , likely for good reason . but who needs details when false equivalencies and empty platitudes will do 
dvd neg 30.txt i only bought this one for the song by jerry orbach . the first 2 dvds were better 
health neg 776.txt i recently purchased this product and i found the motor power to belacking and the tweezer heads dont work as well as the emjoi ap99 aka optima gold . the price for these two items are the same so if u want the best for the same money , dont get this one , get the ap99 model instead 
books pos 441.txt with relations between the west and the islamic world worsening rapidly , a better understanding of islam and its roots is badly needed in the west . one major barrier between understanding islamic culture is the key sacred text , the q'uran , has been little studied in the west , and until recently , good translations were unavailable . many qurans were translated into the same sort of english as the king james bible , and not a glint of the quran 's revevered poetic beauty was reflected in such translations . thankfully , better translations in modern english are being made by leading islamic scholars who have a more sensitive ear to the poetry of the quran , as well as a better understanding of the influence and appeal this text has for believing muslims . like all great works of literature , especially a poetic one like the quran , its power and beauty can only be appreciated in its original language . this is why muslims often say the quran is untranslateable , but when one hears a verse of the quran being sung aloud with a little knowledge of arabic , the beauty ( while unfortunately not fully understandable ) does start to become apparent . but , even in translation , when read carefully the quran still has great beauty from a literary viewpoint . the most beautiful part of the quran in my view is the ' light ' surah , which compares god to a light whose glory fills the entire cosmos . this surah has been a favourite with sufis , islamic theologians like al-ghazzali , and also muslim philosophers as well . while the quran does contain descriptions of violence and its style is often difficult to read for the westerner , it is important to study this work with patience and try and see it as an organic whole rather than a fragmented jumble of poems . it is in this sense the deep underlying unity of the quran and its theology ( which reflects the unity of allah , the divinity in islam ) becomes apparent , especially in the names of god . a good knowledge of this religious classic is becoming indispensible in a world where islam is becoming more important to understand from a global perspective 
software pos 82.txt i am teaching myself japanese . i want to learn more languages . i learned german , french , and korean . i want to learn korean . because i have a friend who speaks korean . this software is very awesome ! ! ! this can really help students who are taking french or spanish to get a good review . if you find a language you want to learn from this software.. . good luck with your studies and have fun 
books neg 730.txt just know this book has you developing code in the sdk , not visual studio .net . if anything that should turn you away from buying this . any .net programmer will be working with visual studio and not an sdk . the sams teach yourself c# in 24 hours was completely written for vs .net , so i am confused as to why this book was not . get another book as this one will be only of use for terminology and oop theory . it was a waste on money for me . 
music neg 681.txt reba is not country anymore period ! ! this cd will prove that . just listen to the first track which i think is horrible . as a matter of fact i think the whole cd is horrible . not deserving of reba 's talent . 
camera pos 300.txt i took this with me recently to australia and shot landscapes as well as others , and the pictures came out better than the film cameras i have used recently , plus you do n't need a scanner . this camera works great , a must have for semi-pros . pros , wait for the new 1d . pictures come out great at 11&quot ; x17&quot ; 
dvd neg 493.txt i gotta say this movie is an example of a terrible idea , swain husband beats the crap outta her and she spends her time running from him . what 's worse his friend is a lunatic who want swain 's character . swain 's character is a hillbilly who like 's an upper class doctor who she really never connects with , i never really got why swain settled for a lunatic when she was trying to find inner peace thru the whole movie . this movie puts a bad taste in my mouth , it was a waste of my time it wasnt a story it was an excuse to make a bad movie . ( do not buy ) 
dvd pos 123.txt the brood is the lightning in the bottle that director david cronenberg has never been able to duplicate . while all of his films definitely have his fingerprints all over them , the brood managed to rise to the top of all of his films . it is absolutely dripping in a sense of dispair and dread . there is a pervading coldness about it - such that you want to wrap up in something warm as you watch it - you want to watch it with the lights on because you 're very much afraid of what might be there if you turn off the lights . the film is a psychological thriller wrapped in a slasher flick . it warrants slasher status simply because of the sheer number of onscreen murders that take place . this is a very bloody film ! samantha eggar is nuts and in a weird clinic for people like her . she is being treated by a creepy oliver reed ( in one of his better performances ) . art hindle is her ex husband and he 's worried about how she is treating their young daughter . after a while that is the least of his worries , as these horribly disfigured and ( what the hell are they ? ) bizarre little children run around killing all the people that have really ticked off samantha eggar . i wo n't say more , because part of the horror in a cronenberg film is the pseudo-science that he get you to believe in . whereas cronenberg 's videodrome was weird , but not terribly good , the brood is one of the creepiest films i 've ever seen and a guilty pleasure ( can i really call it that ? ) that i choose to subject myself to every so often . really ! what are those things ? 
health neg 525.txt i recently bought his blow dryer and to my surprise when i use it it sends out huge sparks and smoke towards my head... . pretty dangerous in my opinion , i do n't reccomend it 
health neg 634.txt i have not recieved the vitamins ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! lost in the mail ? ? ? ? ? ? please let me know what i can do , it has been a month 
software neg 795.txt i am really thinking of returning it to amazon . i think i will stick with good - 'ol ms word . you see i wanted a 12-page form and spent two days creating it . it 's a form to survey boats so it also had graphic areas for photos ( about 12 ) . well , all seemed fine until you printed a filled form to .pdf . the size of the created .pdf was near 10mb ! ( similary done with ms word resulted in a 1.2mb finished .pdf ) . well , i ca n't be e-mailing 10mb files ! i also recieved the book for the 5.0 filler which says it can use dragon naturally speaking ( i use that ) . i 'll be darned if i can figure out where that tool is , " you must activate voice recognition in the tool bar . " and , if you use dragon naturally speaking in the form filler area all sentences start out without capital letters , say and select does not work . ( i should note that dragon naturally speaking works flawlessly in ms word ! ) so , you manually have to go back and capitalize each sentence . finally , as others have said , there is no faq and generally no troubleshooting help on the scansoft web site . this is very poor for a near $100 product . there would be no way that i would spend $700 on their premium edition . 
dvd pos 678.txt i have always liked this movie . along with the horror , there 's some comedy thrown in . 
dvd neg 269.txt this very b grade horror film left alot to be desired . aside from one blasemophous scene where the demon priest sucks on a crusifix to suggest oral sex , and a young man who has ripped open his shirt to carees his pecks sucks his crusifix , there wasnt much to make this unrated . if your expecting to see frontal or rear nudity , forget it ! the nearest thing is teenage guys running around in tight calvin klein undies . however , if your someone who likes to use your imagination , this might be for you . one good thing about this flick is a pre charmed hottie drew fuller rubbing himself all over in his undies . if your a big drew fan like me , it might be worth buying , utherwise go buy a playgirl 
books pos 756.txt we are in the last part of the 19th century in this novel , and the wild west has breathed its last . the book is peopled with real legends ( calamity jane , buffalo bill , sitting bull ) and fictional curiosities ( jim ragg and bartle bone - two mountain men , and no ears - an indian with exceptional eyesight ) . mcmurtry relates a sad , elegiac farewell to times past . the ever-interesting characters and their views of the world , which are wise and funny and fascinating , make the novel top-notch in the mcmurtry canon 
software neg 356.txt many repetitions are necessary in order to acquire a second language or a third , but the monotony of this program does not keep your interest for long , is so boring and offers not variety at all . this program will take away the excitement for learning another language even for the most motivated individuals , and will not help to acquire fluency because it does not equip you with the tools to construct language on your own . it does not contain essential grammar instruction , it is an error to suppose that the same grammatical rules of your language can be applied to other languages ( french is not a translation of english , or spanish , or any other language ) . grammar becomes essential especially when you are trying to construct correct structures on your own ; this program claims to help you learn " naturally " but leaves huge gaps by neglecting grammar , culture , conversational structures , and clear understanding , not natural ! for adults translation is necessary when trying to internalize the concepts , adults already have an understanding of language and are equipped to learn differently than children , sometimes even faster . i do not believe that " learning a second language like a child " is an accurate statement to describe this program , children are immersed in the culture , everything around them is the " real deal " , not repetitious pictures and recordings . children receive verbal and non-verbal input constantly , and adults have greater cognition than children do . looking at a picture while you listen a recoding might give you a vague idea of what it means , but there is not accuracy . it is very unlikely that you will internalize a concept that you do not fully understand . rosetta stone approach might be very effective when memorizing vocabulary and simple sentences , but i could achieve the same by purchasing flash cards for a fraction of the cost of this overrated , and overpriced program . 
camera neg 558.txt amazon replaced the original coolpix p3 because of technical defects but the new one has worst problems . this one does not even focuses at all . i dont know what to do now because there is no technical service for nikon in my country venezuela or latin america . i basicly lost my 300 dollars please answe 
books pos 487.txt a very good , very quick military history overview - hits all the main points without belaboring any , gives the reader a good list of authors to look at after finishing howard 
camera neg 679.txt do n't order this battery unless you have money to throw away ! i ordered one that would not hold a charge , called the company and they told me it was defective and to send it back . did that and got a replacement that proved to be just as bad . now after 3 months , it is n't even holding a charge for more that 15 minutes of usage time ! ! ! this is unacceptable , and again the company is still trying to stand behind their bogus product ! avoid at all cost , even if that means paying the extra $10 bucks for an original kodak branded battery 
software pos 182.txt i liked how you could go underwater and try to find things . i also liked how you had to bake cookies and make sundaes . another really cool thing was that you could buy stuff for minette and yourself . i did n't like how the tea was so hard , though.i could n't figure it out , but finally i got it.i liked that you had to fight minette , too.it was funny that she had an alien tatoo on her face.over all , danger by design was a fun game . 
software pos 145.txt this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events / holidays / etc. there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes . 
books pos 254.txt i was wrong . ok , i 've admitted it . i always thought science fiction or futuristic type novels were n't my cup of tea . while reading conspiracy in death i realized i could n't have been more wrong - i love this futuristic series ! a homeless man is murdered and the case is assigned to eve dallas , since it 's not a random act of violence . this man , snooks , died when his heart was surgically removed by what appeared to be a very skilled surgeon . when dallas digs a bit further , she discovers that this crime is connected to another committed in new york city where an aged lc ( licensed companion ) died as the result of her liver being removed . after even more digging , dallas discovers a case in chicago and one abroad that were all similar . these were not the result of black market organ sales since all of the victims were within a few months of dying . in order for eve dallas to find the murderer she had to figure out why these victims were chosen . the closer she got to that answer , the more nervous very influential politicians and doctors became . when she got too close to the truth , the villain had to put a stop to her investigation . the best way to get dallas off the case was to have her suspended from the police department . this was a simple procedure since there was a conflict between the patrol officer who discovered snook 's body and dallas . when that patrolwoman was brutally murdered suspicion fell on dallas . stripped of her badge and weapon , the very items that have been the heart and sole of her during her adult life , she has to deal with not only the idea of not being a police detective , but also with trying to solve this crime having her hands tied . the main plot was interesting but the villain was predictable and no surprise . there was excellent character development and as usual j.d. robb ( aka nora roberts ) draws the reader into the suspense to the point of not being able to put down the book . what makes this book above average and falling into the excellent range is the fantastic subplot of eve dallas being stripped of her identity as a policewoman and how she must deal with the various facets of that . at times , it was more intense and more exciting that the main plot . this is definitely one to read , as all of the " in death " series books have been . start with the first book when reading because j.d. robb always has a couple of instances where she reflects on previous happenings . or you can start with the first book just because it 's the beginning of an excellent adventure ! 
health neg 638.txt i have not tried the product yet as it is a stocking stuffer for my four year old . the ad displays four soaps when in fact you only receive one . i would not have purchased one bar of soap had i have known . 
camera pos 174.txt i wish there was also a photo that showed the backside of this camera case . if there was i would have known that this excellent quality case unfortunately does not have a belt loop which is what i was looking for in this product . great quality nevertheless 
software pos 933.txt my husband is using the rosetta stone spanish program and loves it 
software neg 740.txt the res on the artwork here is less than miserable . the interface is high-tech circa 1996. i 'm dissappointed in this purchase . i would have thought it was fantastic when i bought my first pc in 1993 
dvd pos 402.txt the thesis of guns , germs and steel gives the most logical explanation for the inequality in development in the world today . not based on one group of people being inherently smarter than other groups , but based on a group of people favored by their environment and other factors.....very interesting theory that should be given more study . 
dvd pos 457.txt my kids really did learn a lot from this movie , i would recommend it when your child is trying to learn to go on the potty 
health pos 817.txt i 've had this trimmer for 10 years and never had a problem . sometimes the switch needs to be moved twice but it always works . never falls apart and cut hair great . i 'd buy another if this one would ever wear out ! 
software pos 232.txt i am so pleased with this purchase ! ! under normal circumstances if i spend anything over $1.00 i get caught in a spiral of buyers regret . this is a feeling that i have grown accustomed to . when i received the 800 , 000 through the mail i shredded open the box and started skimming through what new images i could play with . i was astonished ! then , i realized something.....or rather a lack of something . i felt no remorse for buying this ! i finally had a collection of clip art that could provide an abundant amount of images for collages , labels , calendars , scrapbooks , and everything else i wanted to do . 
music neg 197.txt even as dedicated of a radiohead fan as i am , i really do n't care much for this album . i say thank goodness for " creep " because we may have never heard from them again ( or at least not in the same way ) if that song had not become as popular as it did 
books neg 920.txt this book is typical for many of its kind , just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing 
software neg 852.txt 1 star is being generous . i 've been an act user for almost 20 years . i think it 's time to say good-bye . reasons : 1. 2007 version is agonizingly slow . effects my whole system . i added 1 gb of ram bringing my total to 2gb with no improvement . seems like 5 secs to execute any command in the program . does n't seem like much bu count it...one one thousand , two one thousand.. . it adds up when you use the program all day , every day . 2. support is atrocious . you get 60 days after purchase and then ca n't even access their tech moderated forum unless you pay $300 a year . 3. it ought to be broken down . i use it to manage client information and communication , i do n't need all the opportunity garbage and one can spend more time managing a process than actually doing the darn thing . 4. support sticks . in the last couple of years , i 've never had a phone call answered in less than 30 minutes...and that includes when i was dumb enough to pay the then $200 a year . 5. support stinks even when you pay 300 a year . 6. support is a ripoff . one support plan . no by incident option . 300 bucks or nothing . 7. did i mention that support is the worst ? they seem to do things on the website and then think about what they just did . navigating their forums is a nightmare . i had to click around for 10 minutes this morning to figure out how to post in an unmoderated forum . ( btw , 4 messages total in the 2007 section in 6 months . i guess most pay their 300 bucks for the moderated forum . ) 8. an example of how time consuming it can be : it took me a week of phone calls with several reps to get the upgrade installation to function . and i mean it did n't function at all . it made such a mess that i had to reformat my hard drive to get it to install . a first in 20+ years of computer use . sage seems to think this program is the only one a user installs on their computer . bad attitude . sage and act ! are poster children of everything bad about the software industry today . do yourself a favor , if older versions are working for you...stay there . the enhancements in 2007 are not worth the trouble . if you 're looking for a contact manager , look elsewhere . 
camera neg 526.txt bought the camera , charger and the kit as part of the deal . every thing looks good except the missing npf-50 battery . requested for a replacement . in the replacement kit also battery was missing . returned both the items . 59.99 for a carry bag and 3 dvd sis not worth buying this item 
music pos 680.txt three six mafia has out done there self with this new guy chrome about every song is decent which is hard to find these days 
music neg 596.txt these guys were the nirvana of r&b , motown , soul , black music in the 90s . as nirvana was the band that ended good white music . boyz to men was the band that ended good black music . i am kinda pissed because nobody seems to notice it like i do . these guys especially the lead singer would always sing , oh wah oh wah oh oh ohhh oh after every sentence . i mean compare these guys to kool and the gang or the commodores or rick james . i could name tons and im not really a fan of soul type music . barry white , whitney houston , bobby brown , the temptations isaac hayes luther vandross . i mean in the 90s i think almost every r&b group was better than boyz to girls . i dont understand why these guys are so popular . i guess its just like seinfeld it sucks bad but people like it . its like all these idiots were born yesterday forgetting about quality music and sitcoms from the past that were better . 
music neg 585.txt i would call this the musical equivalent of the worst of abstract art . there are those that " appreciate " unintelligable works for fear of being thought stupid if they do n't . . . just as the emporer 's subjects " ooh " ed and " ah " ed in admiration of his clothing as he paraded naked in front of them 
dvd pos 632.txt orange county as a movie tries to play it safe . the director tries to be in tow with what he believes is a good film . i must say for around 50% of the film i was laughing . jack black is truly my favourite character in the film . colin hanks , the lead actor , is a boring sophisticated person.he also plays black 's brother in the film . although jack black doesnt have a huge role in it , everytime he 's on the screen i seem to forget all the other characters around . i thought the scene in which he jumps into the swimming pool with just his under-shorts was funny . but i defintely feel there are some seven other scenes featuring this master of crazy comedy . i didnt find colin hanks ( in the film ) inspiration inspiring at all and think he should have gone to stanford.for the simple reason i believe he didnt have much enough at orange county to wait for.but then that 's a story flaw or story strength ( however you perceive it ) come to think of it colin hanks character was extremely realistic , polite and believable.now all the credit in the world to the director for this.however , it was the drugged jack black who really tries to get him into something . ive seen school of rock and i 'm sorry for i did not like it as much as i liked orange county.it 's the presence of jack black that does it for me.i 've seen the film 4 times which is probably why i ca n't stand hanks and his goodness . anyhow , forget all that , watch the film - rent it , steal it , buy it , download it....just give it a watch . cheers 
books pos 462.txt if you saw the show and liked it enough that you want a book of lyrics and cast photographs , then this is a book you want . if you have n't seen or did n't like the show , i ca n't imagine why you would want this 
dvd neg 963.txt with the new year just more than six hours away , i must tell you that no matter a full moon , half moon , quarter moon , or no moon at all , please avoid the flick " darkwolf " for many moons to come . what a joke . what a silly , stupid , insult to one 's intelligence . the script could have been written by my dog stan...and even then , i give him the benefit of the doubt to come up with something much more canine . let 's put it this way . have you ever seen a film that contained people that irritated you so much , you simply did n't give a ^ &^%* if they got blown away ? i was hoping the entire cast got mulched by mr. wolf less that 30 minutes into this loser . go " darkwolf " . take a few chucks out of this cast , its director , producer , writer and editors as quickly as possible...and do n't wait until the next full moon . " darkwolf " is an insult to motion pictures . more so , it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as " the wolf man " , " wolfen " and " the howling " , not to mention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic " an american werewolf in london " . need i say more ? " darkwolf " has no bite . it 's claws and fangs have been chiselled to oblivion . the box claims this flick to be " half man . half wolf . pure evil . " in reality it is half / whole stupid . half / whole worthless . ...and...pure ^% &* ! get my drift ? at midnight...as we turn another page and the new year unfolds...i promise you you will enjoy reruns of every episode of " mary hartman , mary hartman " , much more than " darkwolf " . i 'm off to watch yet another new year 's flick before dawn . i need to make amends to lon chaney , jr. before midnight . bottom line , it was a film you did n't really care " where " the " wolf " came from , or where the werewolf was going . pitiful...embarrassing.. . " i 've seen the bad moon rising " but this one makes me wish it would set ! 
books neg 829.txt this book was required reading for a class on children 's literature . so , naturally , i was expecting the very best samplings of what was out there . the beginning was quite exceptional . i even invited my husband to read it with me since we share good finds to read together in the evening . we were about 75% of the way through before its magic halted and it turned to various detailed descriptions of the main character 's female body parts . due to this we feel it falls short as an example of wholesome children 's literature . we set the book down and did not finish it . if you are looking for good children 's literature that completely steers clear of naked images instead of turning to them to keep the pace of the book going , then this book will be a let down . sad , because up until that point , the writing was quite good . 
health pos 63.txt this is one of the best-tasting energy / snack bars i 've tried . it has true flavors ( think a chewy chocolate brownie with small chocolate chips ) , little or no " off " flavors or aftertastes , and it 's relatively filling , especially if accompanied by water or an additional quick snack , such as fruit . it 's a small bar , but it 's packed with 3 grams of fiber ( 12% of daily needs based on a 2 , 000 calorie diet ) , and it 's certified 95% organic . these organic ingredients include organic rolled oats , organic oat flour , organic oat fiber , organic and milled flaxseed , and actual natural flavors . even the sweet stuff is organic : , including organic chocolate ( made with- -you guessed it- -organic evaporated cane juice ) , soy butter , cocoa powder , cocoa butter , tapioca syrup , and fig paste . clif 's website proclaims that " clif zbar is the first kids ' snack created to comply with sb-19 , california 's senate bill limiting fat and sugar in foods offered within the state 's school system...we source ingredients which do not contain wheat and are not genetically engineered . " although aimed at kids , adults and teens will enjoy this as well . ingredients : organic rolled oats , organic chocolate chips ( organic evaporated cane juice , organic unsweetened chocolate , organic cocoa butter , soy lecithin , natural flavors ) , organic evaporated cane juice syrup , organic brown rice syrup , organic tapioca syrup , organic fig paste , organic oat flour , organic cocoa powder , organic soy butter , natural flavors , organic oat fiber , organic milled flaxseed , organic chocolate ( organic evaporated cane juice , organic unsweetened chocolate , organic cocoa butter , soy lecithin ) , salt , baking soda . for those with allegies , clif includes the following caution " contains soy . may contain traces of milk , peanuts and other nuts . " vitamins & minerals : calcium carbonate , ascorbic acid ( vit . c ) , niacinamide ( vit . b3 ) , ferric orthophosphate ( iron ) , zinc oxide , cyanocobalamin ( vit . b12 ) , thiamine mononitrate ( vit . b1 ) , pyridoxine hydrochloride ( vit . b6 ) , riboflavin ( vit . b2 ) , folic acid ( vit . b9 ) , beta carotene ( vit a ) . nutritional information : in one bar ( 36 grams ) there are 120 calories , 3 grams of fat ( 5% of percent daily values based on a 2 , 000 calorie diet ) , of which one gram s saturated fat ( but no trans fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 12 grams sugar , a total of 22 grams carbohydrates ( 7% ) , which includes 12 grams of sugar and 10 grams of other carbohydrates , 125 mg of sodium ( 4% ) , 110 mg . potassium ( 3% ) , 3 grams of dietary fiber ( 12% ) and a gram of insoluble fiber , and the following vitamins and minerals : vitamin a ( 6% ) , b1 ( 30% ) , b2 ( 15% ) , b3 ( 20% ) , b6 ( 20% ) , b12 ( 10% ) , % ) . c ( 35% ) , iron ( 10% ) , zinc ( 15% ) , phosphorus ( 20% ) , and folate ( 20% ) . i do n't think there 's a similar product around that can compete with the taste , purity , and nutritional value of this popular new treat 
software neg 336.txt i 've been a loyal norton anti-virus & utilities software customer since the stone age , but like several other reviewers , i 'm deeply disappointed that norton internet security 2007 is incompatible with zonealarm pro , sunbelt counterspy , and microsoft antispyware , and even more deeply disappointed that i had to crack the shrinkwap to find that out . once upon a time , norton was the epitome of well-designed , thoughtful , customer-centric software , but they 've degenerated into outsourced hacks trading on a well-established name . i 'll be returning symantec 's software if i can , and buying zonealarm 's a / v package instead 
music neg 545.txt this album is all about sex and infidelity , is this all way usher 's life is about . this album contains to substance worth listening to . this album is a total waste of money . i like 8701 100 percent better 
health pos 522.txt this small flosses is great . to get the most out of it make sure you use the string floss and not the plastic ones that comes with it . the little plastic floss can break and get stuck between your teeth . happened at least couple of times so i switch to the string floss 
music pos 606.txt the opening song " cups " by the salt lake city orchestra was one of the first songs i downloaded on my ipod . it is such a great mix ! i just love it ! oh yeah.. . and the rest of the cds are n't bad either.. . ; - ) 
music pos 771.txt there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever . 
health pos 409.txt bought the massager - overall ok but it is heavy to use with one hand , after sometime it gets to you . it has a good vibration capability better than the others i had . could have a better handle and a longer cord . how about making them 110 - 240v then i can travel with it 
camera pos 115.txt it 's a pretty convinient bag.i put a canon rebel xt with a tamron 28-75 lens , a canon 70-300 lens and a external flash inside and i still have the small pocket for wallet , keys etc. the only drawback of this bag is , you can not put in big lenses.the canon 70-300 is the limit.but if you only have a limited gear collection , you need to give it a try 
books neg 113.txt a generation before there was a left behind , there was the late great planet earth by hal lindsey and c . c . carlson . this is the book that broke the dispensationalist view of the end times into the consciousness of america . a phemomenal best seller , it was a watershed event in the growing christian publishing industry . for many christians , their first reading of this book was an energizing event that shaped their future . a generation later , many of its former supporters now see in its pages a complete misreading of holy scripture , sensationalistic attempts to correspond biblical prophecies to current events , and an unhealthy enthusiasm for seeing the world obliterated . so why bother with what can easily be written off as paranoid millenarianism ? well , while many have outgrown its simplistic approach to world events , it still resounds for much of the church and this is shown in the continued audience for books by lindsey and other " prophecy pundits . " while it is certainly true that tim lahaye has replaced lindsey as the popular voice of dispensationalism , it cannot be denied that left behind was made possible by this book . part of the commercial success of both authors has to do with their placing the dispensationalist view in a popular book form . for lahaye and jerry b . jenkins , it was the pulp novel . back in 1970 , lindsay and c . c . carlson did the same with a popular genre of their day - the sensationalistic expose . like most books of this type ( e.g. , the bermuda triangle , chariots of the gods ? , the philadelphia experiment , the population bomb ) , it is written in a breezy soundbite style that is long on conjecture and short on facts . like most of these books , it was a peculiar period piece of american life at a time when the fabric of the nation seemed to be coming apart at the seams . like most of these books , it is laughable in retrospect . if the book were out of circulation and i were reviewing this for historical purposes , i would almost be tempted to give it a free pass as a kitschy period piece...sort of a fundamentalist lava lamp . the original was so over the top and written with such enthusiasm one could almost have forgiven the fact that the authors got everything wrong . after all , it was the 1970 's when wild conspiracy theories , distrust of any traditional authority , and predictions of impending disaster were all the rage . when viewed within a time frame that produced predictions of a soon to be ice age , a ufo invasion , a famine around the corner , and california falling into the pacific ocean , the authors ' claims of the coming armageddon look downright trendy . however , in the intervening years , the revisions of this book just kept piling up . make a bad prediction ? no problem , edit the book with the old gaffes removed , add a few trendier predictions , and release it as a new book . lindsey , now well into middle age and hurtling towards his golden years , still clings to the long discredited dispensationalist hypothesis ( carleton 's contribution is more stylistic ) despite his failed scenarios . lindsey 's original view was that the end times events would take place in the 1980s ( he even wrote a book the 1980's : countdown to armageddon trumpeting this belief ) . well that did n't pan out , so he then jumped on the y2k bandwagon ( another of his books was planet earth 2000 a.d. : will mankind survive ? ) . oops , wrong again . first communism was the main source of evil in the world but more recently it is islam ( a more recent book is the everlasting hatred : the roots of jihad ) . when one bogeyman falls , he is quick to insert a new one in its place . between the failed predictions , the hilarious misreadings of the original languages , the bizarre correlations between apocalyptic symbolism and modern military technology , and the hysterical pleading for contemporary events fulfilling the biblical prophecies " right before our eyes " , it is not surprising many of those energized by this book became convinced of the imminent end of all things . this trend continues to this day for the many followers of dispensationalist worldview as they are perpetuated in the many novels based on dispensationalist beliefs - notably the left behind series of novels . if you can find a copy of the original version from 1970 , it can be interesting in much the same way as a brady bunch episode - not for its merit but as an example of a particular moment in the consciousness of the fundamentalist subculture at a particular time . just as many catholics have vivid memories of nuns and the baltimore catechism , fundamentalists of that era will never forget this book and the movie a thief in the night . however , for the reedited version here presented as a guide to interpreting biblical prophecy , it is best to pass . for all its success as a cultural marker , its usefulness in properly understanding biblical prophecy is basically nil . for this , its original purpose , the late great planet earth is completely worthless . 
camera pos 728.txt excellent ! they have a really long life and are the perfect backup for your rechargeables 
camera neg 975.txt this is a nice looking brown suede camera case . based on all the stylus models listed , i assumed my olympic stylus 595 would fit in it but , unfortunately , it does not . 
camera neg 398.txt the article that receipt is difrente to that of the photo that appears . the conector to the camera is not usb / fire wire , but it is a type nini stereo 
camera neg 895.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product 
health neg 761.txt all i wanted was a bottle that i could use to mix y protein but this stupid things leaks every time because the lid doesnt fit right . you 'd think something with only one purspoe would adequately fill that role... . well in this case it does n't 
software pos 636.txt high fives to paperport 11 pro ! being in a business where i am constantly told to print this and print that off of one website and another , a product like paperport professional 11 has really come to my rescue . the product has given the opportunity to do something with a document , picture , or file other than printing now when i select the document or file and hit my print option button , i now can print it to a multi-page pdf , if i choose to do so . files that i download , scan , save , or archive are no longer just random clutter on my hard drive , i can retrieve the information from them effortlessly using the product 's powerful search engine . i was thrilled to find that its all-in-one search engine was able to work with files generated in many ms office applications . all i needed to do was remember some of the content text and the pp pro 11 would find the file for me . now i 'm stacking individual ms office files into logically-named pdf groups or using the product to search the web and retrieve information of interest , i find pp pro 11 to be well worth the money and my time to use it . 
music neg 317.txt as long as artists keep making albums with only one good song , people will keep getting them for free in internet . nestor keeps insisting in doing instrumental hip hop , pop , commercial , elevator music . if you like that kind of music , buy this cd , otherwise buy hubert laws , or dave valentin among others . if you want to listen to good nestor music , buy " morning ride " , " dance of the phoenix " , " talk to me " , " mi alma latina " or the charanga album " mis canciones primeras " . sorry nestor , i am a big fan of your music but you are wasting your talent doing this kind of stuff . when do you plan to make a good non commercial latin jazz album 
music pos 667.txt this album has new meaning to me now in 2007 , where i go to a college next to a high school , where i see a bunch of " punk rockers " spending lots of money to make sure their hair is pretty and that their clothes are properly tattered to maximize trendiness . there are plenty of punk rock bands out there that keep the spirit of social distortion alive , but sometimes their music is hard to find , and all the posers you see start to slowly extinguish that old punk rock fire . albums like this exist for times like those . just stick it in , turn up the volume , and rock out 
camera neg 620.txt i would agree with the other review . the indoor / low light quality of the video is unacceptable . i will be returning the camcorder today to purchase another 
dvd neg 137.txt there are some good things about this film - - it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the nazi propaganda machine was , for one thing . it also shows the main character , antoine moreau , a ( fictional ) famous french mime , having his eyes opened to the reality of the nazis ' ' final solution ' to the ' jewish problem' . brought to a czech town that has been ' given to the jews ' by the nazis in order to stage a performance that will be seen by the swiss red cross delegation , hopefully persuading them that the germans are not as monstrous as they have been portrayed , moreau changes his original idea for the performance , hoping to get a ' silent ' message to the red cross that will let them know the true fate of jews ( and other ' undesirables ' ) at the hands of the nazis . i 'll briefly mention a couple of less-than-positive observations , and then get into my main problem with the film . the production values reminded me a bit of a made-for-tv movie - - and from time to time it seemed that the sound was a little out of sync with the picture . the image quality on the dvd could have been much better as well . also , the shanachie dvd release is version of the film that has been dubbed with english . this is , in the case of this film , not very well-done . the cabaret singer , for instance , comes across as completely unbelievable in that her voice does n't match her face or ethnicity in the least . everyone in the film winds up with an english accent , which detracts from any authenticity that might have been retained using subtitles instead of clumsy dubbing . another reviewer below brought up the dubbing problem as it apples to one of one of the children , stella ( portrayed by linda jablonska ) . her voice does not sound at all like that of a little girl . she develops a bit of a crush on antoine , which in itself seems like a pretty natural occurrence under the circumstances - - here is a famous artist who has come to the village to stage a show , with her as one of the leads , who is kind and supportive and friendly to her , who listens to her ideas and feelings with attention and respect . the problem i had was with one scene in particular . stella has been caught on the streets after curfew and chased by police . she bites one of them and manages to elude them by squeezing through a break in a fence . in the process of getting away , she gets muddy , scrapes herself bloody in a few places , and tears her clothing . she goes to moreau 's hotel and climbs to the ledge outside his room and taps on the window . when he opens it , he is shocked at her condition , lets her into the room , and begins to try to clean her cuts and scrapes , asking what had happened . he then draws a bath for her , so she can wash herself . as moreau sits down , still in a bit of a daze over what has happened to her , she steps into the bath . just before she pulls her dress over her head , she says to him , ` no looking . ' he shakes his head to bring himself out of his daze and says ` of course ' , then repairs to the adjoining bedroom , where he lies down on the bed to have a smoke , allowing her to conduct her bath in privacy . a moment later , he hears a noise and looks up to see stella emerge from the bathroom , completely naked , in a full-frontal nude shot . moreau gets up from the bed and lifts the covers , suggesting that she warm herself . she climbs into the bed ; he covers her up , and steps away to the other side of the room . there is nothing about the scene that implies that anything improper occurred . he has simply offered her care and comfort and sympathy . this shot only lasts a few seconds , but i feel that , regardless of the director 's reasoning for shooting it in the first place , it could have been left out . if the point was to show that moreau has either had morals all along , or that he has acquired them , it could have been demonstrated in a variety of other ways . earlier in the film , stella had witnessed one of her caregivers , semi-nude , in moreau 's hotel room ( stella saw this from outside ) . given her ` schoolgirl crush ' on moreau , it seemed natural for her to become upset over this . as a result , however , the scene after the bath comes across as a young girl inappropriately mimicking adult sexual behaviour . this , combined with the ` adult ' voice dubbed over stella 's , makes the scene even more disquieting . there are some viewers who might argue that , in europe , ` standards ' involving nudity and sexuality are not as reactionary as those in the us . in many instances , i would wholeheartedly agree with them . there is much hypocrisy in the dynamics of american culture and moral values , and not a little bit of neurosis . however , the sexual objectification of children is something about which i feel very strongly...and i think the scene in question in this film amounts to exactly that . do n't get me wrong - - i 'm not so prudish that i turn away from even full-frontal nudity in a film , if it 's not gratuitous and it 's an integral part of the storyline...but here , it involves a prepubescent girl , and could have easily been left out . it worries me bit that this point has not been made by other reviewers . have we become so numbed in respect to nudity in films that many ca n't recognize an instance where it 's not only unnecessary , but potentially harmful ? i 'm glad i 've seen the film - - and i 'd recommend it with a bit of praise and some strong reservations , as noted above . with all of the ridiculous claims from some quarters that the holocaust never happened , i think it 's vitally important for films on the subject to be made and seen . the czech film all my loved ones is an excellent film about this horrible time that has not gotten the attention it deserves - - seek it out . n.b. - - this is the second time i have posted this exact review . i noticed today ( 6 april 2006 ) that it has , for some reason , been removed from the site . i 've re-read what i 've written , and i do n't see anything objectionable or offensive . the issues i have with the film are discussed straightforwardly . if anyone objects to anything i 've written here , i 'd like to know what it is . 
health pos 427.txt this razor is fantastic . the gel pieces are very soft and keep even my dry skin from being too bad ! ! the only problem i had with it was the gel parts do n't last quite as long as a bottle of shaving cream / gel would . but if you are looking for a quick , handy and yet still good shave , this is exactly what you are looking for 
camera pos 991.txt i have looked everywhere for this charger . everywhere in town wants me to buy something else that might work . it was great to finally find the actual charger that comes with the camera . it 's just the right size and plugs right into the wall . the prongs fold down and can fit nicely in a carry-on bag . thanks so much for having this item available 
books pos 129.txt if it was n't hard , everyone would do it . hard 's what makes it great . " manager jimmy duggan ( tom hanks ) , of the rockrod peaches to his all-world catcher dottie hinson ( geena davis ) in penny marshall 's " a league of their own " ( 1992 ) . i always think of that quote when i read these " discussions " of the great ( and sometimes the not so great ) philosophers in the amazon reviews . on the one hand we have the " professional " philosophers / ph.d'swho appreciate the difficulty of their craft . on the other hand we have the " almost were 's " / undergraduates who cannot abide the effort it takes to decipher prose that seems unnecessarily dense . and that is how it should be , else everyone would do it , and those of us with ph.d . 's and tenure track jobs at good colleges and universities would be out of jobs and out of luck ! as for kant , let 's all be glad he 's not on the job market 
music neg 75.txt i was disappointed by ms. jackson . though it 's not such a big loss b / c i did n't pay much for it . none of the songs " jumped " out at me . thank god i did n't waste time putting this on my ipod why upset it 
music pos 657.txt in many ways , this album is everything one would have expected- - somehow the natural successor to " no pussyfooting " and " evening star " . in other ways , its nothing like i would have expected- - the usual stamps of fripp and eno 's recent work seems to be missing . its really quite hard to largely identify the identity of the musician generating the sound on much of this material , there 's obvious stuff ( we 'll come to that in a minute ) , but as a rule , the backgrounds could be either of them . sonically , it moves through a number of backdrops , with delicate , percussive , synthish loops dominating the early part of the record ( " meissa " , " lyra " , " tarazed " ) , wheras the middle of the record feels more like their old collaborations updated , the sort of modern fripp soundscapes being more apparent ( " lupus " , " ankaa " ) . the remainder of the album features on track that is totally unexpected , the downright funky " altair " , with its train shuffling rhythms , drum loops , and funky guitar ( in ways similar to material from the eno / schwaum " drawn from life " record ) , and the closer , " terebellum " , is an aggressive , haunting , and almost angry sounding piece almost reminiscent of " radiophonics " or the other more aggressive soundscapes . over this material , fripp largely solos using a variant of his legendary fuzz tone- - its a bit mellower , and rounder though , similar to his leads on " starless " and " the power to believe part ii " but in a more hushed feel . so that tells not much , the real question is , what 's it like ? largely an ambient affair , the collaboration is what you 'd expect- - there 's no real incindiery moments here- - do n't look for a " baby 's on fire " , but it is comparable to their previous collaborations in quality , and it certainly sounds nothing like crimson . some of it is full of delicate beauty ( " lyra " ) , some of its just a blast ( " altair " ) , some of its actually quite hard to listen to at all ( " terebellum " ) . for fans of ambient music , especially the work of these two gentelemen , this one will be quite rewarding . it falls short somehow of being a masterpiece , but it is really a great record . recommended 
software pos 282.txt i run two websites using this program , easy learning curve , i recommend it to all my newbie friends that need a simple , workable program . ignore the crittics , this is a nice program.only wish in batch editing i could do multiple web page saves . 
music neg 516.txt every one is obbsessed with " hips do n't lie " . do n't they relize that the songs horrible . well , so is every other track on this album . save your money to waste on something that is atleast some what decent 
health neg 570.txt the foot bath makes a mess with the water and does not keep the water warm . a lot more hassel than it is worth . sorry i spent my money on it 
books neg 639.txt this book is perfunctory and extremely shallow . russell 's reductive reading of the tradition shows little insight . however , it is amusing at times , hence the star 
camera pos 626.txt i have a canon eos rebel which takes fantastic pictures . i use it around home and when i am setting up static shots such as family portraits . the only problem is...who wants to lug it around to take snapshots . despite some of the above opinions about lack of sharpness , i have had no such problems . the 5900 is great for " grab " shots and it 's not too shabby for setting up a planned shot using it 's advanced controls . be sure that you buy a fast memory card . this will reduce the time between shots . as in most cameras , a memory card is not supplied with the camera . mr. goyal 's review about not being able to take pictures without a memory card is not true . you can take a limited number of shots with the internal memeory . the only real problem i have is the red-eye reduction feature . i usually turn it off as the delay between the " red-eye " flash and the main flash is too long . the subjects often think the shot is over and start to move . anyway it is easy enough to remove it later , either with photo-software or with the photo kisok in the drug store 
books pos 765.txt this book is a really excellent source for anyone wanting to understand the reasons that saudi arabia is the way it is today . i was lucky to find my copy in a used bookstore . it does get a little tedious when discussing the business / oil aspects of the 1960 's and 70 's , but it 's well worth it . it 's a detailed history from start until publishing and that is definitely a relevant time . 
camera pos 805.txt i did a lot of research before buying the pv-gs250. now that i have the camera in my hands i know i made a great choice . great image quality . great build quality . the low light problems you read about are not really a big deal . in a noramlly lit room everything is fine . 
health neg 526.txt the disadvantage is you have to press on button while you style . it makes my arm and finger tired 
dvd neg 897.txt this movie has the feel of a late-night monster fest hosted by svengoolie or elvira . i had no idea what this was about when i started watching it , but by the end , i wished i would have skipped it entirely . the story starts off well , with murders happening in an old factory by some mysterious monster ( that you do n't see at first ) . from there it goes downhill , it felt like a low-rent ' pet sematary' . i have never read the short story that this was based off of , but i 'm sure that king made his scarier than this movie could ever be . the best acting in the movie comes from brad dourif , best known for his performance as billy bibbit in ' one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ' and the voice of chucky the killer doll from ' child 's play ' , as an exterminator 
software pos 731.txt i find turbo tax to be the original and best income tax preparation program . i really saddened to hear people knock it on here because they felt cheated that this version does n't come with state tax features . well , if you are going to shop online , you 'd better learn to read the specifications for products ! i came to amazon precisely because i knew i 'd be able to find what i needed , for less . texas has no state income tax , so i make sure that i buy turbo tax for federal only . thanks for letting me get that little rant off my chest 
music neg 140.txt i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection ) 
software neg 108.txt an internet search found complaints about not receiving rebates . why would they give you something for nothing ? i have had several rebate problems and most of them involved free items or insanely cheap items . this " free " software could cost you $30 if the company decides they do n't want to pay 
books neg 788.txt i bought this book before my first trip to austria . i had a sinking feeling while reading it that it was mostly a pastiche of unusable generalizations . that turned out to be true . what shall we do with a paragraph that tells us that austrian women are strong-minded and independent and organize their homelife well , although many go to work ? this book might have some value for a person who had never left their english-speaking homeland before and needed to be warned that people are sometimes naked in the sauna or at the beach . it also provides some amusing anecdotes about language ( especially viennese ) and useful info about festivals . mostly , though this book was good for reading aloud to austrian friends . i would quote it as an iron-clad authority when their behavior did n't quite match the book 's version and thereby amused them tremendously . - -lynn hoffman , author of the new short course in wine and the forthcoming novel bang bang from kunati books.isbn 978160164000 
software pos 63.txt i ordered the box version from amazon , instead of the download from the manufacturer not only because it was less expensive , but the main reason was so that i would have a paper manual . so many programs do n't come with hard copy manuals and i prefer them over on-line help . as for the program itself , i trialed a download first . for me , the thing i fell in love with was the ability to call up multiple images , side by side , and compare them ! it makes selecting the best image a breeze - a huge timesaver . you also have the ability to swiftly zoom in to check focus at full rez . another wonderful thing is that putting the curser over one of the preview images , and sliding it , will slide all the open previews simultaneously , so you do n't have to individually zoom and move each image . you can do this with up to 6 images at a time ! you can also do a quick histogram check by hitting the " h " key , which makes it easy to toss off bad exposures at the same time as the review . while you 've got the previews open you can hover the mouse over them and hit any # key to color-code the image . the colors can be keyed to whatever description you want . i do " 1=green " for yes , " 2=yellow " for maybe , and " 3=red " for no . there 's room for quite a few more colors after that . i then hit the sort key back in the main screen and quickly select all the red " no " images and delete them . after i have all my green " yes " images , i then review them 6 at a time to give them star ratings . i resort by rating and now all the best images are at the top of the page and i can start processing them . you can batch process file name , and some other things that i do n't bother with , as well . it 's got some nice keywording ability and you can easily sync the keywords with your photoshop files . what 's incredibly nice is that you can click on any word in the keyword list and all the images you own , with those keywords , are immediately shown in thumbnails ! finding an image is actually fun ! it will even give you thumbnails of images you do n't even store on your hard drive anymore ! fantastic program - i highly recommend it ! the only reason i did n't 5 star it is b / c it 's not all that intuitive . this is a read-the-manual kind of program , but you can do an awful lot with it without having to get too far in the book . ; ) 
health pos 819.txt i really like this curling iron.. . - and you definitely ca n't beat the price ! it heats up very quickly , and gives me great curls . the key to working with large barrel curls are to use a mouse or cream to texturize your hair . then , after you curl , make sure to take a blowdryer on cold / low setting to lock the curls down . i always receive so many compliments on my hair ! ! 
music neg 786.txt for those who were fortunate enough to aquire one of the first two releases of the thief soundtrack ( like myself ) congratulations - you have the version of the cd that contains the best song on the soundtrack , beach scene . it has been dropped for this us release . for those who were interested in obtaining the thief soundtrack being mainly interested in the one song , beach scene ( most of the other songs can be found on other tangerine dream albums ) , please realise the following differences between beach theme and the now dropped , beach scene . the song , beach theme is a much shorter track ( almost by half ) and there is a very cheesy , acoustic , " rock n ' roll " , drum beat that was mixed / dubbed over the original beach scene song which has the much more mellow and less invasive electronic , sequenced drum beat in it . it 's beach scene that was both heard in the movie and over the airwaves back in 1981. if that is the song you remember ( fell in love with ) and are looking for , do not buy this latest release . keep looking for those out of print cds - they are out there . on a lighter " note " , it 's very nice to see they added the ending / end-credits song , confrontation . this is a lose / win scenario for thief soundtrack fans - it all depends on which song is more important to you . if you already have the earlier releases with beach scene on it then buying this latest version will now complete a defninitve soundtrack for them as that last song in the movie has now finally been added to the official soundtrack 
dvd neg 678.txt granted , i saw this movie at about three in the morning at a party , but i think i had enough sense in me to realize how truly horrible it was . it 's so.. . bad . it has some seriously subpar performances from pretty much all involved , and the script was just awful . gosh , it 's hard to believe i actually sat through it . it was just so.. . exactly what it was , i guess . a stupid sex comedy that 's absolutely terrified to be anything else . the thing that really pushed this above the radar for me to blip at was the truly offensive tone of some of the material . i think my real downfall here was the fact that i 'm a gay guy whose friends are mostly straight guys . the scenes regarding a certain character and his chance encounter with homosexuality are so repugnant it 's almost ridiculous . now , i 'm not one to get offended easily , but this just took it a bit too far . just the attitudes and behaviors expressed by most of the characters just made me depressed , which is n't really something i look for in a movie . it just seems to me that if ' gay ' had been replaced with ' black ' , this would have been deemed racist and probably would n't ever have been released . not that i 'm condoning censorship , but when your tone becomes so.. . mocking , i guess . oh well , i guess all i 'm trying to say is i will definitely not be repeat viewing this film , and i do n't recommend you view it at all if you 're a woman , or gay , or you care about others 
books pos 101.txt in this fully illustrated and remarkably brief book , hawking provides an overview of the state of theoretical physics at the dawn of the 21st century . the often dense text is supplemented by biographical details , witty asides , and ( especially ) luxuriously reproduced introductions . hawking covers a lot of territory in 200 pages ; he hopes to provide brief , non-intimidating summaries of recent concepts and new frontiers in science . there is astonishingly little text , and at times the pithiness , compactness , and occasional " cuteness " may work against readers ' understanding ; there 's perhaps too much shell and not enough nut here . some sections are so cursory that i suspect they will fail to make any sense at all to the untutored reader . ( this is especially true of several of the passages on imaginary time , event horizons , and brane world models . ) the text is aided greatly , however , by the beautifully rendered four-color illustrations . even if the concepts presented by these drawings seem fuzzy at first , the creativity and humor fused into moonrunner design 's artwork will attract , engage , and occasionally tease readers who might otherwise be frightened by the sight of a quadratic equation . overall , then , the book might have far more value as a refresher course for the beginner rather than as an introduction for the uninitiated . yet it 's certainly conceivable that somebody new to this material might be intrigued enough to explore these subjects further . if you 're looking for a book that will flesh out the concepts presented here , i strongly recommend ( as does hawking ) alan guth 's " the inflationary universe " or brian greene 's " the elegant universe . 
dvd pos 714.txt hard to believe it took me until now ( february 2007 ) to finally see this excellent movie and witness the brutal language and the violent gun shootings that made scarface so popular and award-deserving back in the early 80's . i loved this movie . it really delivers with the action and the characters are all interesting , especially tony montana . a movie that deserves to be as lengthy as it is ( over 2 hours ) . everyone must see scarface at least once in their lifetime . it wo n't disappoint . the ending gave me goosebumps it was *that* good and intense . watch it now 
health neg 769.txt beware ! this thing , even if you try to be careful to be light on the pressure , as well as not keep it in one spot , it took the top layer of skin off ! my poor legs were in pain from my jeans rubbing up against them at work . ow ! i had to wrap them up in long cloth bandages till the skin healed . and what 's worse , it did n't take out all the hair... . i could still see some hair here and there it missed , and i thought i got it all . i returned it immediately and got a refund on my money . never again... . i 'll stick to my good ol ' electric razor instead... . 
health pos 527.txt this is the best affordable acne solution that ive ever used . i had acne on my forehead and the acne started to get smaller and even the acne on my cheeks just disappeared the next morning . on the box there is a sticker that said that it works faster than proactiv solution and its right ! proactiv takes like 2 weeks to work but this works over night . the only minor thing about it is when you put on the overnight acne control lotion , it starts feeling like its harding into a mask on your face . it feels like its restricing muscle movement on your face . its no biggy because it works and it washes right off in the morning when im in the shower . i cant believe a little lotion can make such a difference . if you are looking for acne solution at a affordable price then this is exacly what you are looking for 
camera neg 431.txt if you lose this cord just get a flash card reader . it 's cheaper and more practical 
books neg 575.txt this bok was very boring i found it hard to stay awa 
software neg 123.txt 3d home architect is a complete crock . i have attempted to use it many times . after hours of reading and playing with it i am still unable to perform the most simple task . i own v1.3 of this software and it outperforms the current version by light years . i also spent lots of time trading emails with broderbund in an attempt to obtain either additional product support or a refund and i got nothing . so henceforth they will not see another dime of my hard earned $. sorry 
books neg 984.txt i typically do not read stories like this , but a neighbor had lent it to me and i figured i 'd check it out . the plot is n't bad , but the dialogue is another story . the writing was so unbelievably awful that i had to fight myself to finish it . phrases like " god damn , oh god , etc.. . " were repeated over and over again . i got really sick hearing about tess 's cute freckles and jimmy 's movie star looks / sex drive . the majority of the story line between tess and jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand . it was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing . i 'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book . not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from harlequin romances.. . 
music pos 35.txt i was a music director at a college radio station when this came out , and along with a ton of other albums this one commanded my attention . shoegazers ? ? ? i am sure all the label slinging yahoos are still wiping the egg off their faces . its as if the band heard they were pigeonholed and gave them all the big finger . just buy it...and all the rest 
music pos 85.txt well , here we are . one of the true works of the electronic genre in the 90 's , " lifeforms " is true sonic adventure . this is obviously some of the best work that fsol ever did . " lifeforms " is a double album of electronic and ambient moments spliced together , interchanged and meshed . for ambient work , it has a lot of randomness and bright detail thrown in at a rapid pace . there is a lot of energy and terse grab to the songs , despite their being ambient . it is very original , i praise originality in music . give it a try , put on some " flower " " bird wings " or some " elaborate burn . 
books neg 963.txt a little outdated , quite a few beers here are n't made anymore . beer reviews are always personal opinion , and you 'll read a bunch of people complain in these reviews that this guy does n't know what hes talking about . i 'd ignore what they say , everybody has their own preference . think about this before you buy this book : 1 ) why do you need to hear what somebody else things of beers ? 2 ) its very out dated.. . 5 years is a long time 
software neg 102.txt let me sum up this software " total junk " pinnacle will give you one free support phone call for help , then $25 for the next call . they give you free email support , but answer everything but your problem . they try and blame it on windows xp , and will have you reload windows . i owned studio 8 , and it worked fine . went to studio 9 , and had a few problems . upgraded to studio 9 plus , and after a week of trying to make it render my projects with no sucess , and crash after crash , i removed it from my machine . they sent me an offer of their all new 10.5 plus upgrade , hollywood fx , 3 of their premium packs , and a hat that says studio 10 on it . this said that the program had been rebuilt from bottom up . this program should be called " crash after crash " , and the only thing that works is the hat . if you feel the urge to waste $100 , and hours of your time , just buy this product . look at the reviews on studio 10 , and the other studio products , and most only have one star . out of over 100 reviews over 95% had one star . i found one with 5 stars , but looking at the reviewers other reviews he is obviously an employee , or share holder in the company . he wrote a 1 star review on a sony competative product , and 5 star reviews for other pinnacle products that you would not own if 10.5 worked 
camera pos 388.txt i 'm a former 35mm photographer who 's a little older and not as spry as i once was and i eventually got out of the habit of lugging a case of equipment everywhere i went . i got re-energized in photography with digital but a small compact point and shoot left me wanting more . digital slr 's are pricey and as a friend pointed out i 'd be back to lugging a case of equipment around me with her . she recommended this model and the more i looked at it the more i liked it . it is a fixed lens model , but with a 12:1 optical zoom what other lenses would really need . it start up fast , zooms and focuses internally so there is no moving barrel to have to hold on to . it has just about every feature an advanced amateur could want . it does macro . and it has an optical stablization system that works as advertised . so far i have n't come across anything that it ca n't do . this is a nice unit for an advanced amateur or even semi-pro who does n't want to go full digital slr yet . 
books neg 39.txt first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work 
software pos 275.txt i was a little skeptical about this program - until i tried it last evening for the first time . i am really impressed.... . i did not even use the tutorial before i dove in and tried to play a bit . i created a single room in less than 3 minutes , using simple walls , doors , windows , and a fireplace . adding flooring and coloured walls was so easy it was almost sinful ! lol i am most anxious to do more with the program and learn about all its capabilities . today i watched the tutorial and was really surprised at how much this program can do ! i am entering into an interior design program in january 06 and wanted to " play " with the cad software in advance . i was really happy and impressed with the simplicity of the better homes and gardens version as the idea of cad seemed intimidating . not any more... . i whole-heartedly recommend this program to everyone who is considering designing their interiors or for students of interior design who have not yet attempted any cad programs . 
camera neg 929.txt careful , this cable may work " for most digital cameras , " but it does not work with canon digital camera 
dvd neg 333.txt i have to say that even though teti hatcher 's performance was good the movie itself was terrible . the plot was pretty dumb and the situations that take place in the movie are not believable . i can ; t believe i wasted my money on this one 
camera pos 902.txt like others i have compared it in a scuba diving trip to the kodak max sport and this one had a few advantages : 1. film winded at greater depth . 2. the pictures came out clearer - not grainy and with better colors . do n't expect too much of it at depths below 8 meters since light wo n't be enough ( i used it on a bright summer day in the red sea ) . even at shallower depths colors turn blue / green without use of flash . i have taken it down to depth of 35 meters and the camera was fine , but would n't take pictures at depths below 20 meters . the pictures i took at shallow depth came out excellent 
camera neg 264.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there . 
music pos 275.txt this is mood making , sexy , great music . neal adds a slight rock edge to some beautiful and familiar melodies . this album is great for background music ( we play it in our store ) , party music or just for listing . one of the best guitar players of all time ' sings ' with his instrument . buy it now 
dvd neg 901.txt it is really just one poker player interviewing a bunch of other poker players - and it is not very well done . there are a couple of good tips , but nothing i have not read elsewhere . save your money . if you are a beginner , and want to learn how to play hold'em , check out howard lederer 's ' secrets of no limit hold'em ' ( dvd ) and phil hellmuth 's ' play poker like the pros ' ( book ) , more advanced players should check out david sklansky 's books 
books pos 804.txt if it 's an animation career you 're aiming for , do n't set your sights without consulting your career in animation : how to survive and thrive . animation is now a big-ticket industry to be in offering big opportunities for new artists - but conversely , it offers far more complexities than in the past . 100 professionals from the industry provide their tips and experiences through interviews with an award-winning filmmaker , creating a comprehensive guide that follows a career from school to the real world . from networking tactics to unemployment and learning on the job , your career in animation is the perfect item of choice for any who dream of breaking into the business . diane c . donovan california bookwatch 
dvd pos 670.txt as promised , this product was sent brand new and arrived quicker than expected . my brother loves soccer and thoroughly enjoyed this as a present for christmas 
music neg 496.txt if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available . 
books pos 786.txt this book is for anyone who has ever questioned their faith , lost a loved one , or yearned to understand life just a bit more . sarah darer littman has captured justine silver , a confused jewish girl , within the pages of confessions of a closet catholic . justine is surrounded by her faith , but no one seems to celebrate it the same way . her parents have one idea , her grandparents another . and then there are all those other religions - - which way is the " right " way ? bewildered by this , justine seeks answers by deciding to adopt her best friend 's catholic beliefs . with the help of father ted ( a stuffed animal ) , a secretly purchased rosary , and a " stolen " cross necklace , jussy turns her closet into her own private " confessional " . what will happen when her family finds out ? littman humorously and compassionately shows the readers justine 's life as she struggles with her religious questions , her neat-nick mother , and , sadly , the death of her beloved grandmother . readers might not find out all the answers from justine , but they will definitely know they are not alone in the mysterious world of religion . reviewed by : sally kruger , aka " readingjunky 
music neg 594.txt ok......avoid this at all costs not worth your money ! ! ! ! as luck would have it i found it a a garage sale . the only track whorth listening to is track 12 which is vivi 's theme from ff9. the others well....they could have done better . most of the songs are to put it nicely......suck ( at least the way they where done ) . the only reason i rated 2 ( 1 1 / 2 to be accualy ) is because of vivi 's theme at the end . this is not whorth your time . get the imported cd 's they have much better music on them 
health pos 312.txt after total knee replacement , this wedge sure helped to keep my knee in one place and elevated , while preventing me from moving too much while i slept or was resting . highly recommended 
music neg 157.txt sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n't belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n't we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from " dive " ? her " classics " album had it right . except their version of " captain nemo " was the rip off live version . and this cd does n't even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the " classics " album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . " it 's a beautiful day " and " what you never know " are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out " harem " and " beautiful " , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n't have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though 
books pos 537.txt i 'm not a huge fan of this genre of music , but as a very part-time musician , this book was recommended by a fellow friend and musician . i liked this book alot and found it education and entertaining , even if the subject matter was not of immense interest . this is definitely not the fault of the author , who did a fine job of making this subject engaging . thus , i found the read illuminating to no small degree . i learned alot about the roots of punk , how it spread and rose , and the end of it . by correctly defining the terms of the book " the indie years " , we only see what happens to the bands in their formative years . once they sign with a major label , their story is ended . this was both a good idea and frustrating one , as we see the birth and growth of bands , but not what happens to them ( in most cases ) once they hit a major label . frequently , signing with a major label creates / expands both the zeniths and nadirs for a band and i would have liked to have known what happened from there . regardless , this book is well-written and a great read for any person who likes the bands included in the book . 
music pos 631.txt yeah , johnny must 've been drinking heavily during this recording . it 's evident in his slurred lyrics...it 's raining is the song where he sounds totally wasted , although you can get the sense that he is infact quite happy and very relaxed . but all this inebriation actually adds to the authenticity of this c.d.- -- - johnny winter really becomes the archetypal bluesman on this c.d. his guitar work is quite sparse , no long solos on this one but , nevertheless , the feel on this album is wonderful . i have to say this also..johnny must 've been very , very brave to release this album back in 1977. that was a very bad year for the blues , appalling infact...disco music was king . alot of bluesmen , like johnny guitar watson etc were opting for the commercialism of the disco dance floor . johnny might 've thought of releasing a commercial type rock album , like edgar was doing . instead he chose to stay faithful to the blues and i have to admire the determination and resolve of johnny winter . very few would 've stayed faithful to the blues . the last track with muddy waters ..walking thru the park...captures johnny in his element . he was so happy back then and it filters over into the song itself . i remember seeing them both do this song live at the capitol radio festival , alexander palace , london / england in july 1977. never again to be repeated , sadly 
camera neg 783.txt this scope is not a good starter scope for anyone interested in astronomy . here 's why : 1. the objective is too small , only 60 mm , 2.36 inches , so it is too small to bring in the light necessary for even a beginning look at the universe . i suppose it is adequate for the moon , but that is it . the planets will appear as very small disks . one will be able to see saturn 's rings , but the image will be very small . forget it for deep sky objects , clusters , galaxies , etc. 2. the mount is an altazimuth , which will not follow the celestial object in the sky . the earth is rotating , and anyone focusing on a star or moon will quickly find the object drifting out of the field of vision . a better mount is an equatorial mount which makes it much easier to track objects . 3. the 4mm eyepiece is too powerful for this scope . the observer will find it hard to look through ( very small eye opening ) , and will in most cases cause blurred images . the 20 mm eyepiece is the only functional eyepiece . the barlow is a 3x , which again is too poweerful for this scope . 4. the mount will vibrate when touched , which will cause the image in the eyepiece to " shiver " , which is very frustrating . even for the low price , do n't be enticed by this scope ; it has too many flaws . save your money for a larger scope with a better mount . jim " konedog " koenig , astronomy buf 
dvd pos 417.txt this review refers to " excalibur " ( dvd-region 2 ) in days of old , with knights so bold , and fair maidens glittering all in gold , lays the legend of king arthur , camelot , and the powerful , mystical sword known as " excalibur " . john boorman 's beautiful artistic film ( adopted from sir arthur mallory 's " le morte d'arthur " ) , will captivate you and take you away to another time and place . from the birth of arthur , merlin taking him away for 20 years , arthur drawing " excalibur " from the stone , the emergence of camelot , the magical powers of merlin and the evil morgana , to arthur 's demise and being taken off to avalon , the beauty of this film and this story will have you under a spell . the european cast and the exquisite location shoots in the country side of ireland add a sense of authenticity to the flavor of this film . king arthur , the knights of the round table , sir lancelot , guinevere , merlin , morgana , sir gawain , percival , uther , they 're all very much part of the story , and the cast is tremendous . nigel terry is the good and noble king arthur , lancelot and guinevere , who loved their king but also each other are played by nicholas clay and cherie lunghi . you 'll see stellar performances by a young gabriel bryne ( in his first feature film ) , patrick stewart , and liam neeson . helen mirren is excellent as the evil morgana , and the always wonderful nicol williamson is the magical mystical merlin this edition is for viewers with dvd players compatible with region 2 ( japan , europe , south africa , and the middle east , including egypt ) .some players are multi-regional , so check your manual . parents...although a wonderful tale of knights and fair ladies , this is not one for younger viewers . the battle scenes are violent and a bit graphic and there are also some sexual situations . " first knight " with richard gere and sean connery , although not quite as true to the legend , is rated pg-13 , is quite an entertaining film , and may be more suitable for family viewing ( there is some violence ) . a beautiful story and film . enjoy....lauri 
health pos 871.txt recently got my sleepmate and it is very effective . somehow it blocks out most sounds outside of my bedroom , and i do n't have any trouble sleeping . i use to wake up at least 2-3 times a night , and have the hardest time getting back to sleep . i hardly ever wake up at all now . great product , and i 'd definately recommend it to anyone in need of a good night 's sleep 
health pos 473.txt just love the homedic foot bath . easy to use and very ssothing on the feet . the pedicure attachments are a plus . the price was just great ! 
camera pos 537.txt this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is 
camera pos 351.txt this filter is an excellent cost efficient way to protect your valuable lenses . 
software neg 839.txt do not buy this . go with mac os x 4.2 tiger , it does n't crash or lock up . plus you will get access to really cool applications out of the box that lets you do almost anything media-wise . i could go one for hours how the macintosh operating system is better but i will say one last thing.. . tiger is faster than windows . research has proved that tiger and all the other operating systems conserve cpu performance to such an extent that 90%-100% of the speed is left for applications and such . windows eats up so much speed along with dos that from 20%-30% of the performance is left for the user . that puts a normal windows computer ( 3ghz ) at less than 1ghz . while a normal mac computer ( 2ghz ) runs at 2ghz . plus the fastest mac is a dual g5 each running at 2.7ghz . so actual speed is 5.4ghz . the fastest windows computer is around 3.6ghz which runs around 1ghz . that is a huge difference ( 5.4ghz-1ghz . ) when apple moves to intel chips next year ( about , ) the macs will run around 6.4ghz if not more . that is an even more huge difference . take my word for it . the windows world is not worth it . whenever i go on my mom 's computer ( which is running on windows xp , ) i encounter a lock up or annoying hickup in the os , every time ! ! i agree that a good amount of people do n't find windows to be unstable , but even when i go to a friend 's house i notice them there as well . every windows computer i have used for more than 20 minutes has locked up . but it 's not just this , it 's also that tiger is so much easier to use . take my advice ( i 've converted many people ) and switch to mac.. . please . i swear that most of you who read this and switch will be very pleased . it might be a little wierd at first to get used to the new os , but i mastered it in a day when it took me months on windows . plus you can purchase microsoft word for mac as well ( which i think is easier to use than the window 's counterpart . ) so go and throw that ugly windows computer away and get a spanking new , shiny white , stable , mac ! ! ! 
camera pos 109.txt i 've bought several lenses from adorama , two of which include a new 300 / 2.8 is and the other , this 500 / 4 is . all of their deliveries were prompt and well packed . i have zero complaints with them . i dealt the john ( green , i think is his last name ) via email . i highly recommend them . as for this lens , it is incredible . wide open it creates a wickedly sharp subject against a wonderfully soft background ( good bokeh ) . af is very fast . this lens is extremely good and will still af when used with the 1.4x converter . ( af works up to f5.6. 
health pos 996.txt after brushing with the hydrabrush , my teeth feel as clean as when i 've been to the dental hygenist . this is a great product . i am so glad that replacement brushes are available at amazon 
software neg 717.txt nero 7 wants to prevent you from generating iso files and instead wants you to use its nrg cd backup file system . then it does n't want you to burn wav onto cd but forces you to invest in mp3 encryption so that you can burn mp3 to cd . the software is full of these horrible twists that nero has gone from the best burning rom to the worst burning rom by simply making it harder for you to do what you want . i rolled back to nero 5.5 and had a fully functional and top of the line burning rom again 
dvd pos 197.txt the aids situation is far greater than we are told / the corruption in africa is horrific / the situation is beyond any horror film 's scare anytime / this film of lecarre 's novel bears great importance to our future , our destiny . one of the most important films ever made ! actors like ralph fiennes & rachel weitz need more commendation for it and director fernando merelles is a genius . agripping thriller for the serious moviegover.bravo 50 stars 
software pos 81.txt this set has got everything . almost every major spider-man moment is in this collection . from spider-man 's first appearance in amazing fantasy #15 , his wedding , and not to forget those great super-villain battles with the green goblin and venom . each issue is scanned in .pdf format . it has all the original colors , ads , and fan mail printed . they are all organized by year and it says they are all printable . if you are looking for the entire stan lee and john romita sr. 's run , here it is . it is great to see where todd mcfarlane , the creator of spawn got his start on old webhead . j . michael strackzynski , the writer of babylon 5 also takes a crack at spider-man 's life . the collection covers the beginning from amazing fantasy #15 to amazing spiderman #531 , which is around the start of marvel 's civil war . instead of spending thousands of dollars on purchasing back issues , you can own this entire collection for around $40- $45. if you have the ink , you can print out any issue to your heart 's desire . the only drawbacks are around the 80s when several spider-man books begin to crossover . you only get a part of the story in kraven 's last hunt or maximum carnage . one major moment of spider-man 's life is left out , where he fights harry osborn as green goblin . the conclusion of that story took place in the spectacular spider-man title . that problem is going to fixed in the future as git corp. has plans to release a complementary collection dvd that includes the spectacular spider-man , web of spiderman , and peter parker : spider-man . they say on the boards that it will be out by fall of next year , but you never know with this company . i waited about six months for this dvd after it was delayed from its original release date from march . now that i have it , i cannot wait to dig into the mythos of the old webhead . i recommend this to anyone who loves comics and loves spider-man . be sure to look out for the ultimate spider-man collection and there are a few others like the hulk , daredevil , iron man , and captain america collections that are due out next year 
health pos 989.txt this is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses . the click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them . he gets lots of comments about how neat they are 
software neg 649.txt i just wanted to write a little note about getting the case open . i just received my copy today , and in my excitement discarded the darn instruction on how to open......i know you 're all probably thinking i 'm just stupid.....after realizing what i did - i 'd have to agree ! : ) anyway , if you pull off the " peel " tab and get rid of it - here 's what you do : see that red tab at the top of the box / package ? hold the case from the " spine " and pull the little red tab down . i found it most effective if i used my thumb and index finger ( i 'm right handed ) on the tab and placed my middle finger on the top of the spine , and pushed a little with my middle finger . i 've gotten so used to ink cartridges , and other items that have a " do n't pull this yet " type of tab , i was a little afraid of touching it....until of course i finally found what i did with my " peel " notice and found i did need to pull on the little red tab . so that 's all there is to it . again , most of you out there probably think i 'm stupid - but for the one or two others out there that tossed that peel tab - enjoy . i 'm going to install tomorrow , and once i 've used the programs i 'll see about a real review then 
camera pos 106.txt i bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it , or have already bought it- -it 's size . it is amazingly small , it 's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera . i take it with me everywhere , literally , it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i do n't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable . there is also a small covering for the lens , so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched . the picture quality surprised me , when i first saw this camera i saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good- -but i was wrong ! the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) . however , i do have a few things to complain about.. . first off , the battery . this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station- -there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there . not only is it inconvenient , but also the battery life span is short . the longest i 've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes . this is n't uncommon in cameras , though , just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries , you should be fine . another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function . such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong ! very wrong . the zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet . even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little , resulting in a noisy start-up . the flash is very weak . really dissapointing . if you are inside , you ca n't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room . the last problem i found with this camera was the macro function . the auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject . to make matters work , there is no manual override to overcome this problem . the focus is great , though , if you are not taking a macro shot . these are all the flaws i found in the camera , it 's not my first choice in cameras , i have come across many other beginner cameras that i prefer over this camera , but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size . if you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times , then this is a great camera choice . 
health neg 965.txt please note that any electric razor requires at least 10 days use in order to properly condition the skin so that you can have a good shave with it . i have used the panasonic es8043 for about 20 days now and it still tears my face to shreds every time i use it . stay clear of this device unless you have stubble like a porcupine , it 's like french kissing jaws . the worst part is that no matter how bad you let it tear at you , you still have stubble left that no amount of choppi. . shaving will remove . seriously , this must be one of those devices left over from the spanish inquisition . 
music pos 36.txt wow ! what a great collection of great classic songs ! we highly recommend this to anyone with any age kids who want to have fun and have fun without the tv ! hokey pokey baby...that 's what it 's all about 
health pos 423.txt this is a great heating pad if you like heat . it ranges from low to hi with 4 settings in between . ( that is 6 settings ) especially nice is the loooooong cord . my old heating pad has like a 6 ft . cord and i always needed an extension cord for it . good purchase ! 
software pos 733.txt it was an excellent purchase . fast ans efficient receipt of goods and fine quality 
music neg 54.txt this one is for you . but honestly now , the guy does n't write- -beautiful voice- -but songwriting is a major appeal . so guess a solo garfunkel is a lot like a step above justin timberlake . ok , there are definitely highlihgts like a heart in newyork , ( what a ) wonderful world , but generally this a very casual compilation , good for a couple listens . in general , art garfunkel is n't really good for more than that . check out him witht paul simon , that is amazing stuff , but this is kinda boring . i might have a bit more respect if he wrote the songs- -but even though there are good songwriters writing for him , the songs are still sub-par 
camera pos 35.txt very happy with the lens , and the price is definately right for an amateur like myself 
music neg 586.txt if this had been the first album in the " hip-hop hits " series , it would not be a promising start . there are a few decent tunes on here , but as someone who admired the quality of the earlier source albums , i must express an intense dislike for " hip hop hits vol.8 " . there used to be a time when the source gathered the biggest and best tracks from the rap indusrty for their compilations , now benzino has turned the series into a shameless promotion for his own favorites ( how else do you explain ja rule being here ? ) . here is a song-by-song analysis of this disaster : ( 1 ) youngbloodz feat . lil jon " damn " c- . this song is perfect example of why people are getting bored with " sothern crunk " . it 's lame and boring , as it shows lil jon becoming a one-trick pony . not a good song to open an album with . ( 2 ) wyclef " the industry " b . wyclef is very talented , but this song was never a hit . it should be heard for its quality though , even if it only touchs topics breifly . it is clear that wyclef is above most of his peers in everyway ; sorta like 2pac . ( 3 ) chingy " right thurr " b+. not my favorite rap song , its better than average though , it kinda grows on you . he reminds me of juvenile . it 's content is not original , but chingy makes it his own with a relaxed flow and style . ( 4 ) young gunz " ca n't stop , wo n't stop " c . if this standard work is what roca-a-fella has in it 's post-jay-z future , the label is going to be in real trouble . they 're good , but they have to be better than good to stand on their own . ( 5 ) westside connection feat . nate dogg " gangsta nation " b+. it was nice to see westside together again . the style and talent cover up for the somewhat standard material . at the bare minimum , the song is stylistic and very enjoyable . ( 6 ) ja-rule " clap back " d . this anti-eminem dis is just border line pathetic and lame . any eminem song is a bigger hit and better than ja rule 's weak new stuff . if ja rule wants to return to his position " pain is love " brought him to , he must work much harder . ( 7 ) kanye west " through the wire " c . kanye west has enjoyed chart success through alot of hype , but i find this song to be very pedestrian for rap . the lyrics do n't define kanye as an original rapper , and the use chaka kahn 's " through the fire " does n't make a very appealing beat . ( 8 ) gang starr " skills " c . the group is n't that good to begin with , and this song has none of the fun that " militia " had . gang starr has a decent , hardcore sound that needs to be refined in order to define themselves . ( 9 ) j-kwon " tipsy " b- .this song is fun to listen to , but that still does not make it any better than average . it 's not really about anything and gets kinda tiresome towards the end ; you may be looking at your watch . he 's too overpraised . ( 10 ) e-40 feat . clipse " quarterbackin " c+. the track is enjoyable but was never that popular and is pretty forgetable . e-40 and clipse just are n't that talented . it almost feels as if it was made strictly for the " madden football " video games " . ( 11 ) fabolous feat . tamia " into you " a . just great , hip hop with style and substance . it 's so nice to hear a gentler , more positive hip-hop songs ; one that does n't hammer the listener , but brings out emotions lightly . he is one of the best rappers of 2003 ; with both his album and it 's singles . ( 12 ) t.i. " be easy " c- . he has been compared to jay-z and nelly ; despite the difference that he lacks the talent those artists have . plain , boring , generic rap from an artist who ofers nothing new to the game ; no more needs to be said . one must also wonder why this was chosen over his bigger ( not exactly better though ) hits " rubber band man " and " let 's get away " . ( 13 ) cassidy feat . r . kelly " hotel " b- . a sorta fun track , r . kelly does as much as possible , but he even he ca n't make cassidy sound original . to be honest , this was a huge top 10 hit though ; so it kinda does belong here . ( 14 ) ying yang twins feat . lil ' jon & the east side boyz " salt shaker " b+. surprisingly , the beat and production make this song rather entertaining . it 's much more fun than it has the right to be ; given the non-spectacular artists involved . ( 15 ) scarface " recognize " c- . scarface used to be an exceptional rapper , but now he 's trying to regain glory that is no longer his . why listen to this , when you could just buy his older albums ? ( 16 ) the untouchables featuring benzino " relationship with me & my gun " c- .just a standard benzino track tacked on for shameless self-promotion . i would n't mind so much if the songt had actually been worth listening to . atleast " bang ta dis " on " vol.5 " was a good song . bottom line : *1 / 2. benzino has ruined the once great source series in the blink of an eye . if you want to hear a great source album , buy " hip hop hits vol.4 " ; a source album with the biggest and best raps of 2000. a few good tracks are not enough to balance out all the mediocre ones . to put it in short terms : with so many good compilations out there , why spend money on a bad one ? i would not buy this album with a gift card . 
music pos 439.txt i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again 
dvd neg 914.txt when i first purchased the low-budget movie named " pranks " , i did n't really know what to expect . after all , " pranks " is a slasher / horror movie from the 80s , a very fertile period for such movies and time period which quite honestly produced some pretty good slasher and horror movies in general...unfortunately , after viewing " pranks " , i can honestly say that this is not one of them . " pranks " is about a group of college kids who are staying on campus over the holidays preparing a building which is going to be torn down i think ( herein lies another problem in that it is very difficult to understand what is going on in this movie because the acting is so poor ) . obviously , most kids have gone home for christmas and new year 's except for this group of kids and one " weird " kid who ostensibly becomes the lead suspect as gruesome murders begin to occur . the murders remain largely unbeknownst to the characters in the movie , so the director and screenplay writer wanted to give the audience information to which the main characters are not privileged . the plot is decent enough although the execution is formulaic / generic and lacks luster throughout the film . one of the reasons for this is the pathetic acting we see in this movie , which really overshadows any kind of merit this movie is able to produce as a horror movie . there is no question that " pranks " is a low budget production to begin with and along with that , there is going to be some subpar acting , but the acting in " pranks " is borderline-awful ! ! it is this acting and poor direction that really makes it difficult for the tasteful horror movie viewer to stay interested . in fact , the movie comes off very generic in style and substance , and rather predictable and boring . the only thing that is even remotely interesting are the kills which are n't too bad considering the era in which this movie came out from . the director does use some weak misdirection to attempt to keep the audience guessing as to who the killer is , but the savy horror movie audience can clearly identify the " weird guy " as a " red herring " as another reviewer put it . in summary , " pranks " is a poorly executed attempt at a horror movie which suffers from terrible acting , extremely poor production values and flawed direction . the result is a dull , boring and weak horror movie with a few decent kills...certainly nothing to write home about . also , as a final note , the actor who plays the killer does a terrible job and comes off , in the end at least , like a total wuss 
software pos 674.txt this ia a top rated anti virus softare.the price is good and the software is great 
books neg 244.txt i have been a huge fan of michael crichton for about 25 years . however , this book is misleading and dangerous . almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem ( except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries ) . writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - mr. crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen , and provide plenty of " references " to support this premise . tragically , in the long term , global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust . i hope that someday mr. crichton recognizes that , in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining , he has enormous influence on people 's thoughts and actions through his books . there is a quote : " with great power comes great responsibility . " but in this case it would seem : " with great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet . 
dvd neg 854.txt i used to have respect for bill maher . he used to actually inspire me when it came to being brave enough to argue my own opinions without making apologies ; but not anymore . my respect dissipated as his fairness was replaced by blinding hatred for gwb and religion . i watched " i 'm swiss " once and almost could n't refrain from vomiting . he talks about the usual suspects : the president , religion , obesity , same-sex marriage , rap , and few other things that " comedians " are good at joking about and liberals are good at preaching about . i know , i know , he 's not a liberal , he 's a libertarian . well , i have watched and listened to bill maher and i know which side he 's on most of the time , and it sure is n't on the right . he hates organized religion and traditional morality too much to be on the right much of the time . i do n't know why his panties are in such a bunch . being organized is better than being disorganized ( i can tell jokes too ) . i 'm not religious ; and i ca n't help but see much of it as hard to swallow , but i 'm not arrogant enough to call all of it just a bunch of fairytales created and believed by people with neurological disorders . i was n't there when the bible was written or when the events took place . i ca n't say it 's all fairtyales . i can only say some of it is n't logical . but , i respect religion and its purposes ; which is what separates me from him . he has no qualms about crushing the hope of people who believe in an afterlife or religion , which are both things that make life more bearable for them . the purpose of religion is to provide hope and solace and relief to people who are living in desperation . the same purpose of drugs i might add : something maher not only defends but abuses . why the double standard ? this is no longer the eleventh century where protestants are killing catholics . the only people k / illing in the name of religion are fanatical muslims , but most religious people are good , decent , nonviolent individuals . maher 's not an atheist , but he has recently expressed a " could be , could be not " attitude toward the existence of a g / od , which would make him agnostic . but one thing is for sure , atheism has more blood on its hands than religion does . two of our biggest mass murderers- -hitler and stalin- -were atheist . it 's a shame when non comedians are actually funnier than maher , who wears the comedian label but is too bitter to be a good one . most of the time , he can barely get the joke out without laughing at himself . i laughed twice during the entire show . no one has ever accused maher of being modest . he 's a smug , intellectual elitist . and those are his good qualities . " i 'm swiss " displays this all too clearly . in case you did n't know , " i 'm swiss " is a running joke of maher 's embarrassment of being an american . he 'd rather belong to a country where ethics are a substitution for , not an extension of , morality ; where any depraved activity that has no victim is not immoral at all ; where adultery is seen as cute , not sinful ; where there are no fat people ; where the only women who exist are the pretty ones he can sleep with or the ugly ones who agree with his opinions . thank god i live in america and not switzerland . 
music pos 352.txt i am very satisfied with the 1999 cd by prince . it was in top condition when it arrived . i would purchase again from the seller . thank 
music neg 265.txt i got this album because obie trice did some great stuff on the 8 mile soundtrack , so i figured i 'd check out what else he 'd done . this album just does n't live up to that . 
software neg 756.txt if you buy this be sure to set a restore point before installing . this may work if you have never installed any other anti-virus software . this is not for a novice computer user to install unless maybe you are installing on a brand new computer . after uninstalling norton ( my previous anti virus software ) i installed kapersky and immediately had total system lockup with warning message from windows ( the old blue screen of death ) saying a serious problem had occurred and if i had recently installed new hardware or software to uninstall it . which i did , then logged onto the kapersky forum and was told to download a norton removal tool and run it and then reinstall . i did this and still ended up with total lockup and warning message . after three tries i gave up . luckily i had set restore points and was able to get my system back and am now back to using norton . according to the forum there are also problems if you have installed mcafee . i am running windows xp . since i never got to use it i ca n't judge whether it has any value . 
dvd pos 147.txt if you liked " raise the red lantern " or " the last emperor " , this is a perfect movie.gong li , who played a concubine fighting with others for her husband 's affection now plays a woman who realizes another man loves her husband . " farewell my concubine " uses chinese opera as a way of telling the story.i used to listen to a lot of chinese opera- -which is an acquired taste.this movie uses the story of a king&his beloved concubine 's self-sacrifice to frame the love story between two men.when one of the men falls in love with and marries a woman , the stage is set for a tragic love triangle.the final scenes are chilling , powerful.this is a spectacle not to be missed 
books pos 74.txt this is such a great book i have boughten copeys for all my childern 
books pos 484.txt this is probably my favorite book in med school so far . it is long , but very readable , has excellent pictures and diagrams , and the clinical cases are fantastic . highly recommended 
camera pos 904.txt goo 
music neg 630.txt i remember buying a record by dna when it first came out...and i was really surprised later when arto lindsay and the ambitious lovers were able to turn this mess into great music . this is very unprofessiona 
health neg 510.txt does n't work on coarse hairs . does n't remove , only trims . okay for fine light hair- -of course , if you have fine , light hair , you do n't need to try to remove 
dvd neg 684.txt this smarmy kevin costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie . i found this movie nearly unwatchable . if you 're looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme try bull durham and eight men out 
books pos 634.txt the book is not ' really ' on christ in the etheric , but more several - " unrelated " - lectures about etheric life . sometimes christ only gets mentioned at the very end of a lecture . the book can be summed up as an accumalation of lectures of " cosmic life " if you like : the spiritual life that is connected with , and influences , life as seen only from / with physical senses . in the book is recorded about several " ages " ( golden age , silver age , iron age and dark age ) , and that how in each age clairvoyant abilities - [or really spiritual consciousness] - diminished with each age , and that the dark age has ended in 1899ac and that in this current age people need to become spiritually aware again to the point where they have a " damascus experience " ( experience of saul - later paul - in which he saw christ in etheric form ) . people who do not become spiritually aware will be bound into the earth consciousness / sphere and could cause disturbances in the earth . in this light , rudolf steiner communicated about the brotherhoods - in western and eastern countries - and how they try to prevent people from developing spiritually to the point where they will be able to meet christ in the etheric ( = 2nd coming of christ ( coming in the etheric ) ... and in future times coming of christ ( i.e. manifestation / presence of christ in the astral ) ) . in the book is also recorded about the sermon on the mount - with the beautitudes ( recorded in matthew 5 ) where jesus communicated about the development of the soul ( as recorded in other books by rudolf steiner ( sentient soul , intellectual soul , etc. ) ) . in the book is also recorded about " the afterlife " if you like : life of souls who have passed away and are still earthbound , and how those souls are connected to those souls that are incarnated in a physical body in earth . in the book is communicated about different levels in the ' afterlife ' and how feelings and will are active . it is recorded about astral plane , lower devachan and higher devachan in " etherization of the blood " and later on again in " three realms between death and rebirth " where is recorded in greater detail how activity in those realms is connected with life of souls incarnated in the earth and how christ is also present there and can be experienced in earthly life as ' destiny' ... and how people are so focused on what is , or has happened , but do n't pay attention to what is result of it not happening ( e.g. getting delayed for an appointment , or coming ( ' unexpectedly ' ) too early etc. ) . destiny is at work , with christ having its workings present in it according to rudolf steiner . in the book is also located about " the double " and how forces from within the earth influence it [geo-biology]. ireland was a place where those influences where most ' healthy ' for spiritual development / cognition and ireland was the place where christianity was able to flourish and waver out from to europe by irish monks 
books neg 236.txt i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until 21 weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone 
books neg 260.txt i agree with a number of previous reviewers . grimassi stretches a poor understanding of historical context to fit into what he bounces between & quot ; wicca&quot ; and & quot ; witchcraft&quot ; . wicca is not an old religion , indeed it is not much of a religion at all . it has always lacked definite theology ( what is the saying about ask three wiccans what they believe and you 'll get four answers.. . ) and grimassi does more damage than good by presenting historical materials is non-scholarly lights . in fact , the book is poor on all accounts . from confused terminology to & quot ; chopping&quot ; of source materials . this is a waste of money 
music pos 159.txt gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots 
software pos 301.txt this world renown editor is the best when it comes to editing and managing your digital photo 
camera neg 78.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
camera neg 361.txt i have had several people take my pictures.at first , everything is fine.the pictures are ok.the next day , my face looks like a pile of baby vomit.it is soooo blury.then it got 2 the point where every picture i took was blury.i tried fixing it online ( like on the program for the camera ) and it would not work.i hate this camera ! ! ! not to mention the battery sucks.it lasts maybe 3 1 / 2 hours.this camera should be $99.00.trust me people......if i could rate this thing at a zero i would.it is not worth it.however , a camera i absolutely love is the sony cybershot dsct5.an awesome little camera 
music neg 691.txt these covers are pretty bad . some good ones have been done , cameron mcgill @ the uncommon ground tribute , big sir 's everybody here wants you is good , but this is bad , no matter what entertainment weekly 's review might say . avoid , buy a real jeff or tim album 
dvd neg 3.txt i suppose it 's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal , manipulative mothers 
software neg 10.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable 
software neg 631.txt i wanted to make sure people who look at this product have a full understanding that adobe audition 2.0 will not install on a windows 2000 pro or server operating system . almost every reference i have seen regarding os requirements say windows but not specifically windows xp . the only exceptions have been on the audition box itself and this amazon listing ( go amazon ) . so if you are a windows 2000 user understand that you will need xp for this product . if you can find a copy of audition 1.5 you 're good to go . i would say more about the product if i could actually get it installed but with the 12 pcs i use not a one has xp so i have a $300+ book end until i can upgrade ( if you can call it that ) to xp 
software neg 237.txt i do n't have a problem with the software . it pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . before i start this tirade , i should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . but they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service ( please , read on ) . the customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . ( 1 ) they want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription ! ! ( 2 ) they do not send receipts ! ! i help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . the only receipt i could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an hp1200 ( duh ! ! ) . what is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! if you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . have they every heard of a " paper trail " . well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . i will start looking for an alternative to intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles . 
health pos 276.txt this unit has the power transformer at the wall socket end instead of in the handheld part . the handheld part is mostly made of plastic . so , it 's pleasantly light to hold , much lighter than my wahl homecare thing . the supplied guard things ( that you swap to change length , etc. ; iirc they range from 1 / 8 " to 1 " ) have a curve on the bottom so it 's easier to have them glide over concave surfaces instead of digging the pointed end into them . this also makes things more pleasant . do n't believe the no-mess story , though . it really does catch most of the hair , so it 's certainly worthwhile , and it 's easy to empty the hair trap , but i still have to vacuum the remainder afterwards . it does n't catch it all 
health pos 10.txt i bought this product because i had a borderline high reading at my doctor 's office . rather than having the hassle of going to his office and paying a cop-pay just to have it monitored , we purchased this unit . it works wonderful . very simple and gives more information than i expected 
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums 
dvd neg 477.txt i was purchasing rockin ' wheels ( the one with the train and fire truck ) for my son , and the truck adventures came up as a combo deal with a discount if you bought them together . we borrowed the rockin ' wheels dvd from the library and he liked it so much , i thought it would be good to have two different ones . however , the truck adventures is not as good , and my son does n't even ask to watch it . the songs are lame and so is the narrator . do n't bother 
software neg 435.txt my computer was running fine until i tried to upgrade . first it took almost 2 hours to install at the last 3% it found a error and was going to roll back . well it never did . it erased everything . it went to a dos prompt . called help line and it took 3 hours to just reload . when it was done , i had no files or any of my programs on the hard drive . not only that but he said i had to install again to register . it takes forever to install . took forever to get in touch with someone , they were in nova scotia , and i still do not have a working computer . i have to try and get a recover program to get my files back . i recommend staying away from this product for upgrades . 
software neg 85.txt acrobat 5 was so buggy that i thought i 'd give adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . should have waited longer . there have been improvements in v7 : a better look , better commenting , the ability to add text that actually prints , and far better ocr functionality . but other basic functions are way worse than in v5 : some word documents that were easy to convert to pdf in v5 will not convert in v7 , seems to be something to do with font license issues . installation is a nightmare and repeated re-installation was required to get past system hangs , clashes with standard security software , and endless errors in the automatic update feature . the new product activation makes this even more of a pain because too many re-installations force you to activate by phone . despite my already low expectations of adobe , this product is a disappointment . with acrobat 7 , adobe is , as usual , charging top $ for what any decent company would consider an embarrassing mess even as a beta version . ( for reference , my system is window xp pro , pentium 4 3ghz , 2.5gb ram ) 
dvd pos 857.txt if you 're looking to hear robert johnson 's songs , you should probably buy one of the awesome collections availible . as this legend and musical genius has now been dead for 65 years , i 'm not sure what the other reviewers were looking for besides other people covering his songs , and talk about his life.. . that 's all we have now . and of course the covers do not outdo him ; that would be impossible . but there is some very thoughtful discussion on the life of robert johnson and the world he lived in . the discussion with a former classmate is touching , and the covers of his songs by those who knew him ( robert lockwood jr. , honeyboy edwards ) and by some of the new delta-blues talent such as guy davis , roy rogers and especially alvin youngblood heart blew me away . gov't mule and sonny landreth do some awesome electric renditions of his work . the major let downs are the cuts into interviews and pointless displays of the rock n ' roll hall of fame gathering , and also bob weir 's performance , which is just plain bad . all in all , it is a good film , and it 's nice to actually be able to watch people play his music , as we will never be able to see the real thing 
camera neg 384.txt i 'm going to be completely honest with you . i hated the hp camera 's because 1. does not take great pictures at night 2. digital zoom is not great either 3. blur 's out if you do not stand still taking the picture . i 've had an old hp camera and i have had this newer hp camera and they are all the same . it doesnt seem like it really matters what mp they are . still bur 's out and it is disappointing . i guess it really depends on the person about this camera but i 'd rather have a sony , samsung , or some other company 's item . = 
software neg 497.txt it 's not working with my toshiba tecra m2 laptop - - it keeps wanting an update to my video driver that does n't exist 
health pos 41.txt at church today i came upon a man who had partially collapsed . since i 'm a physician , i stopped and offered aid . it turns out that he had a history of heart disease and was having some pretty concerning symptoms . to my dismay , we do not have an aed at our church ( yet ) . we notified 911 , and he was taken for medical care without any problems , but i was a bit worried there for a few minutes . while i 'm trained in bls , that is , at best , a temporizing measure . aeds have a proven ability to diagnose and treat fatal heart rhythms . in my opinion , places of public gathering should consider purchasing one of these devices . i 'll be working with our church to see if we can get one . i would have been a bit more relaxed waiting for ems if i had had one of these today . however , buying an aed is not a cure-all . i have been trained on these , and they are very simple to learn to use . however , i think it would be quite difficult for someone who had never used one use it correctly during the stress of a cardiac arrest . if you are considering buying an aed for home or public use , i strongly suggest reading the section on aeds at the american heart association website . it discusses some of the important preparations to consider before the purchase of such a device . so , while not for everyone , this is one of the few products available that can truly save lives . in the right situation , it is indispensable . 
books neg 863.txt as a complete newbie to xml this was a good starter . as i got deeper into xml i found several mistakes / deficiencies in the book , and sometimes the author just flat out seemed to not know what he was talking about . for instance , the claim on page 86 that ( #cdata ) is a valid dtd element content definition is flat out wrong . his description of schema element declarations ( pp . 114-115 ) teaches that using globals / refs is the only way to define complex elements , and is inappropriate for his example . he makes no mention of globals at all , leaving the reader confused . i have ceased to trust this book as a valid source of xml information 
software pos 537.txt i bought this software for the graphics capabilities and my husband is using photo-paint to edit our family pictures . this is the first version of coreldraw i 've used and am very pleased with the help features , find them intuitive and the whole package impressive 
software pos 10.txt i have been using adobe acrobat for a few years now . i 've used both their professional and standard versions . now , adobe has released acrobat 7. in this review , i will be discussing primarily the features of the standard edition . however , these features are also available in the professional edition . outside of the fact that the professional version has more workgroup-oriented and enterprise features , these programs are the basically same . i have noted any features available only in professional in this review . first , what is pdf and what can it do for me ? adobe 's pdf is now a universal format that allows you to preserve the look and integrity of your original documents - adobe pdf files look exactly like the original pages and fulfill requirements for electronic filing and document security . not only that , but you can share the files with anyone , whether on a pc or a mac . each pdf file has the graphics and fonts imbedded into the file . the user of the file does not have to have the same font set , nor even purchase adobe acrobat , because the reader version of acrobat is free ! new features in acrobat 7 * turn ms outlook email into searchable documents . this is a great feature . it allows you to effortlessly turn those old emails into the universal pdf format . acrobat 's searching capabilities make even searching through the longest emails easy and accurate . * attaching source files . previously , we have been able to create pdfs from spreadsheet and other formats . now , not only can you do that , but this new feature allows you to attach the documents with the pdf ! * improved browser . acrobat 's browser has been improved to make searching for documents easier . if you are familiar with the adobe photoshop browser , you 'll like the new upgraded browser in acrobat 7. * searching improved . the search feature has been improved when you are looking for files . it is easier to search for files , because now adobe has made the feature more friendly . you can search by document and text properties on your local computer or across your companies lan or wan networked drives . more about acrobat although many people are familiar with the acrobat reader program , they are not as familiar with acrobat itself . i consult will many business persons and they are just astounded at what acrobat 7 can actually do for their business . just the fact that you can collect and assemble output from different types of programs into on universal format floors them every time ! another great point about assembling the documents in acrobat is the compression factor . with acrobat , users are able to compress the original documents , thus saving space and making it more efficient to transmit the documents via email or internet downloads . this new version can now also create , and save " pdf / a " files for archiving and it allows users to scan paper documents directly into a searchable pdf file saving space and time . many companies around the country are making the jump to the " paperless " environment . acrobat 7 can definitely help . in fact , i know of an attorney 's office making great use of acrobat . they have almost converted their entire office to a paperless organization by using acrobat because of its form creation , reviewing , commenting , approval and signature features . in paper document storage space alone , this office is saving thousands of dollars per year . even legal documents can be approved , digitally signed and verified in acrobat . anyone concerned about the security of their documents has nothing to fear . acrobat 's security features including the ability to create self-signed digital ids are terrific ; no matter if you have pdf documents loaded on your website for downloading to clients or if you are emailing the files . for professional users , adobe has added a new feature called e-envelopes . with the new e-envelopes , user can package their pdf files in an encrypted wrapper and send those files securely via email . for company networks , adobe has also added support for your company-wide security policies using a new feature called lifecycle policy service . the granularity of the security allows the user to pick exactly what they will allow the recipient of the file to do like printing , copying , pasting and so on . many people are also surprised that acrobat is n't just for static documents . users can create interactive forms ( professional only ) as well . in fact , i know a client who is an attorney . they have almost converted their entire office to a paperless organization by using acrobat because of its form creation , reviewing , commenting , approval and signature features . in paper document storage space alone , this office is saving thousands of dollars per year . for cad and graphics professionals who work with 3d files , acrobat 7 ( professional only ) can now convert these into pdf format for ease of viewing , whether in electronic or printed format . this will allow the users to quickly send their clients views of the 3d object in the universal pdf format without the purchase of additional software for the recipient of the file . another feature is the new licensing capability that adobe has added to acrobat 7. you can install the program and activate it on two separate computers , which is great if you work at home and at the office as well . need to install it on a third computer ? not a problem . the transfer activation feature allows you to transfer the license to another computer . to do this , deactivate one copy and transfer the activation via a simple menu command . if your computers have internet access , the change happens right away . this feature alone may save users money on purchasing multiple copies of the software . summary i would highly recommend this product to anyone in business . the easy of use and versatility of adobe acrobat 7 make it an indispensable tool , whether you are a legal professional , an it company , accounting firm , healthcare company or anyone else in business . this is one investment where the roi will definitely outweigh the purchase price of the software within weeks of normal use . the ability to go paperless and save valuable office space that is now gobbled up by filing cabinets , paper binds and closets alone should make the difference for almost any company . testing setup to conduct tests of the software , the following hardware was used : pc compatible system ( 2 ghz athlon processor , 512 mb ram , 30 gb hd ) epson scanner / fax / printer hp laserjet 8150dn printer for software tests ( conversion to pdf format ) , the following software was used : ms office 2003 ( word , excel , outlook ) photoshop cs loren elks group manager , d-mag.or 
books neg 251.txt having read detective comics #471-479 in the 70s done by this same creative team , i picked this up , hoping for more of the same . what a let-down ! i have to ask - what happened ! ? the art on those erstwhile 70s issues was the finest , most detailed art i 'd ever seen in a comic-book . i think that was due mostly to the inking of terry austin . when he was working on x-men , he gave john bryne 's pencils that fine detail as well . has austin done a ' gil kane ' and given up his nib-and-ink to work with marker-pen ? this dark detective series shows none of the fine-ness of his previous work . you only have to compare the ' flash-backs ' of this series to the original detective comics issues to see that something is wrong . maybe austin or rogers are getting older , but the artwork is very basic , and lacks the sheen they used to produce . the art sometimes actually reminded me of bob kane 's early work . the story also is a little unbelievable . it portrays bruce as a love-sick puppy and just does n't ring true . also , the lettering is - well , it 's been hand-done , by rogers i surmise , and is quite uneven . it should have been done by computer . i 'm sorry - i so wanted to like this , but it 's nothing like the calibre of work that this creative team produced in their glory days of the 70s . 
books pos 125.txt my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time . 
camera neg 86.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
dvd pos 358.txt having an m.a. in english literature as well as a b.a. in literature and history , anytime a movie is both historical and literary . . . well , i get a bit excited to say the least . i do n't wish to give the impression that this movie is based on absolute and authentic history because it 's not , but the writers / directors / producers set it against a " historical " backdrop nonetheless . on that note , this is yet another stellar title from noneother than ridley scott . with that being said , i enjoyed " tristan and isolde " almost as much as " gladiator " and a bit more than " kingdom of heaven " ( all of these , by the way , are ridley scott films ) . notice the historical adaptations here ? while it may be true that the story of tristan and isolde was inspirational to shakespeare 's " romeo and juliet " as well as possibly fueling much of the intrigue of the arthurian legend , this movie is not exclusively for the high-browed college types . no sir , good ol ' red-blooded men and women will certainly be drawn into both the action as well as the romance in this movie . this is by no means a " chick flick " since there is present a large degree of bloodshed and overall suspense . on the other hand , it 's not the typical " hack and slash " macho film because at its core is a very dynamic love story . in short , it should please both sexes simultaneously . aside from james franco ( tristan ) , i was rather unfamiliar with most of the cast . sophia myles ( isolde ) is , for the most part , a newcomer to american audiences despite a rather large resume in mostly british films . i suspect this film will provide her the recognition she certainly deserves on this side of the atlantic . while many of the other characters were convincing in their roles , no other character was more believable in his villainy than that of the arrogant irish king ( who just so happens to be isolde 's father ) . in short , this is one of the best movies i 've seen in awhile . on some levels it reminds me of " king arthur . " just as " king arthur " attempted to provide a plausible history of the legendary arthur , guinevere , and lancelot , so too does ridley scott by placing the action a few years after the establishment of the angle and saxon kingdoms in england . if you 'll recall in " king arthur , " arthur helps hold back the onslaught of the invading saxons just as the roman legions were exiting britannia . historians will point out that there is no evidence of saxons in england until several decades after the roman withdrawal , but oh well . . . it made for a good story . here , we witness the celtic britons as they are exploited by the irish across sea . what ? ? ? ? the irish doing the exploiting and not the other way around ? well , " tristan and isolde " holds true to history in this aspect ; namely , that the celtic britons of england were indeed pushed to the easternmost shores of the island after the coming of the anglo-saxons . this would , of course , have placed them in what is now wales and cornwall . and this is exactly where the movie is set . let 's not forget the story of saint patrick . remember , he was actually a romanized briton who was captured and served as a slave in ireland before escaping and ultimately returning to ireland to convert the populace to christianity . it 's interesting to note that in the movie christianity is a fairly new-fangled religion in ireland , so no doubt ridley scott intended this to remind us of the time period at hand . i particulary liked " king arthur " and " kingdom of heaven " despite the lukewarm reception they received from the critics . critically speaking , " tristan and isolde " has been a bit of a mixed bag as well- --but who really bases their decision to watch a movie on the arrogant views of movie critics ? rent it first if you must , but i suspect this one will be a " keeper " in your dvd library ! 
music neg 350.txt i got this cd because i loved their radio hits " bring me to life " and " my immortal . " while those songs are beautiful , they are not representative of the rest of the album . although i tried and tried to get into this cd , the hard rock teen goth style just is n't my cup of tea , and the lyrics are too depressing . if you are a fan of bands such as linkin park or seether , you might enjoy this . however , if you only like " my immortal " and " bring me to life " because of amy 's powerful vocals , you 'd be better off listening to tori amos or sarah mclachlan . 
dvd pos 919.txt robert redford has proved us his undeniable artistic gifts in previous occasions , but with this giant movie he really achieved that coveted pearl ; the state of art in all its wholeness . redford crossed over the traditional concessions and he got to prove art and cinema should not be divorced : good taste and profitability may gather and shake hands , if you respect the sensibility and intelligence of the spectator . this picture not only broke the walls and not only became the most ambitious , artistic and perfect american film in the last quarter of century ; besides , the mature and sensitive script around an awful event that will transform the livings and expand the reduced frontiers of two different ways of life , enhancing them when the tragedy became an unexpected gate for the bliss . redford ' s artistic personality has a secure place in the immortality and i really hope for him to bring us future films filled of that enriched vision where the rude vulgarity , the visible special effects big circus and the simple anecdote not only be absent ; and so the new directors to come , understand the true cinema meaning is art . thanks to his generous personal effort , for having created the sundance festival for new directors whose fruits will create new approaches and major visions . special kudos to him due that clinical eye for a very young actress in progress at those years : scarlet johansson . 
health pos 589.txt i just started taking this pill because i do n't have time to eat at the job i was previously at . it helped a lot ! ! i did lose 8 pound in 1 week . but when i started an office job , i had more than enough time to eat , but i still kept up with taking the pill . it helps with my hunger , it really does . i used to be so hungry and fill up my plate more than i can eat ! now since taking this pill i am sensible with my portions and do not rush to eat as if i 'm starving like before . i agree with one of the reviews , if you still eat when you 're not hungry , this pill will not help you . you have to have the in mind that you want to help yourself eat better , slower and sensible portions . 
health neg 975.txt after reading several comments i tried to proof my scale is working properly . however , like someone else wrote the scale is not consistant . i weight myself several times and noticed very considerable diferrences in readings . like some one else i even tried placing an additional amount of weight in my hands . the scale gave me several readings for the same amount of weight . now ! a digital scale is supposed to be percise. . 
dvd pos 389.txt this dvd is the authorotizzle on the technizzle . fo schizzle 
music pos 902.txt the bloodshot gang knows how to have a good time ! if you 're into the whole alt.country thing , you know that some of it is very sincere and serious ( ie , uncle tupelo , jayhawks ) . now i love " no depression , " and " blue earth , " but this is an altogether different quadrant of alternative country known as militant honky tonk , or just insurgent country . truth be told , this incredible anniversary compilation does have some poignant , serious numbers ( rico bell 's " money to burn , " the texas rubies ' " blue diamond mine , " mike ireland 's " i 'd like to " ) , but for the most part these maniacs are not taking themselves or the world that seriously . you 've got andre williams and sally timms singing " i 'll stick to you like glue.. . " , in mock romantic seriousness with background singers going " g-l-e-u , glue ! " you 've got a song with a man and a woman serenading each other saying with deep country feeling how much they miss each other 's bodies . you 've got kim docter and moonshine willy belting out " turn the lights down low , " which really ought to be a hit it 's so catchy . and you 've got some great deadpan covers - - the waco brothers do a country rave-up of the who 's baba o'riley , " red star belgrade does it to ac / dc 's " highway to hell , " and best of all , the unholy trio turns public enemy 's " bring the noise " into an understated redneck anthem . i 'm only scratching the surface here , with 40 tracks over 2 discs . this is a great introduction to the rowdier side of that sprawling beast that has not a name that can be agreed on.. . and do n't miss the fantastic earlier bloodshot compilation , hell-bent ( insurgent country , volume ii ) - - see my 9 / 5 / 04 review 
music neg 8.txt there are 2 really good songs on here . the first is " untitled , " which sounds like gibbard was listening to a lot of brian wilson at the time he wrote it . the percussion sounds like it could have been on pet sounds . " underwater " is a pretty good song...but the real jewel on the album is " send packing . " it really is a beautiful , well-written song . the rest of the album sounds kind of thrown together and most of the songs would have been much better if they had been recorded with real instruments . basically , the novelty of the kid instrument thing wears off really quickly . all in all , i would n't spend 10 bucks on it , but a couple tracks are pretty good 
dvd pos 746.txt i first saw this movie when i was a kid . it left a good impression . i am now nearly 50 and a cat came to live with me . my first female cat . i named it mewsette in honor of judy garland 's character in the movie . i then searched for the movie on the internet , found it , bought it . while it 's not as good as it was when i was a kid , it is still amusing 
books neg 438.txt mr. dennett 's book demonstrates the ignorance , irrationality , and dishonesty of humanists . discussing the meaning of word materialsim , professor dennett says : " in its scientific or philosophical sense , it refers to a theory that aspires to explain all the phenomena without recourse to anything immaterial- -like a cartesian soul , or " ectoplasm " - -or god . the standard negation of materialistic in the scientific sense is dualistic , which maintains that there are two entirely different kinds of substance , matter and ...whatever minds are supposedly made of . " ( p . 302 ) philosophers stopped believing in dualism a thousand years ago with the development of metaphysics . a modern view is that man is an indefinability that becomes conscious of its own existence . the philosophy that god does not exist is not materialism , it is naturalism . materialism is the view that all that exists is matter . materialists frequently say that free will is an illusion and that the experience of the existence of oneself is some kind of epiphenomena . ( in a quote below , you will see that dennett puts free will in a list of things people belief in . ) it is not clear from the book whether dennett is a materialist , but he is certainly a naturalist . concerning the proof of god 's existence , he trots out david hume 's " who made god ? " which is based on a misunderstanding of the principle of causality . i refer the reader to my personal website for my version of the proof . let 's look at two quotes , the first is at the end of the chapter " belief in belief " and the other at the beginning of the chapter " morality and religion " : " that is , is n't it true that , whether or not god exists , religious belief is at least as important as the belief in democracy , in the rule of law , in free will ? the very widespread ( but far from universal ) opinion is that religion is the bulwark of morality and meaning . " ( p . 245 ) " without the divine carrot and stick , goes this reasoning , people would loll about aimlessly or indulge their basest desires , beak their promises , cheat on their spouses , neglect their duties , and so on . there are two well-known problems with this reasoning : ( 1 ) it does n't seem to be true , which is good news , since ( 2 ) is is such a demeaning view of human nature . " ( p . 279 ) in the first chapter , he mentions " bulwark of morality " and " meaning . " but in the second chapter , he leaves out " meaning . " if our purpose in life is not to get to heaven , what is our purpose is life ? whether religion supports morality can be determined by observing whether there is a correlation of moral conduct with religious belief . mr. dennett makes such a correlation to the detriment of religion by citing the high divorce rate of fundamentalist christians . there are worse things than divorcing your spouse . disingenuousness can be worse and can take the form of leaving unsaid what should have been said . mr. dennett should have explained why he did not discuss the idea that religion gives meaning to life . the only miracle mentioned in mr. dennett 's book is the shroud of turin , which has on it a mysterious image of a crucified man . since no one claims to know how the image got there , it can be called a miracle . however , mr. dennett does not tell us anything about it . the reader is left to find out about the famous relic by looking it up on the internet . 
health pos 983.txt i have been having severe back pain ( muscular ) and subsequent headaches on a daily basis for many months . i finally brokedown and went to see one of my colleagues who is a physiatrist . he recommended the theracane to me . he is a physician who is both a dc , ( doctor of chiropractic ) and a physician , do . this physician has been doing trigger point therapy including intramuscular needling to help release the painful knots in my back . i find that i can use the theracane in between visits with noted relief . this same doctor states that this condition is like diabetes and needs to be managed for life and thus , the theracane allows for me to maintain . i think the theracane is an ingenious invention . i do n't really have anything negative to say , with the exception of the pain i am trying to manage . the product arrived quickly after i ordered it and it is exactly as described . 
music pos 386.txt this remasted disc is nice with the bonus tracks and spiffed up sound , but the only way top hear aoxomoxoa is to find a original w7 ( warner brothers-seven arts ) green label vinyl pressing . the cd features the 1971 remix ( like the 1989 cd ) in which 1 / 3 of the backing has been stripped like constanten 's prepared backrounds on " what 's become of the baby " , the extra drums and barbershop vocal on " doin that rag " . st stephen lost something in the remix as well . anthem was remixed as well in 1972 but the band was wise to issue the 1968 mix on cd . no hidden goodies on this disc , but the bonus tracks are great 
books pos 768.txt this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner . 
health neg 654.txt bayer is a name-brand aspirin . any brand-name drug will cost at least double of that of the equivalent generic aspirin . i give this a one-star rating not because it is a poor product , rather , because it is so expensive . the dosage is 81 mg , taken to thin the blood to prevent heart attacks and strokes ( generally taken by older individuals who perhaps have arteriosclerosis , have had a heart attack or stroke ) . aspirin is a wonder-drug , the very first analgesic / anti-inflammatory medication to hit the market over 100 years ago . it is for mild to moderate pain and treats many different conditions such as arthritis , bone inflammation , joint pain , and even reduces fever . aspirin causes blood platelets to not adhere to each other , thus it " thins " the blood and prevents blood clots from forming . aspirin is thus used in emergency treatment of heart attacks and strokes . some folks take a " baby " aspirin ( 81-160 mgs ) each day to prevent blood clots from forming . aspirin is actually acetyl-salicylic acid . manufacturers alter the structure of aspirin slightly to grant it different properties in terms of its digestion , to make digestion easier . some buffer it with antacids while others coat the tablet with a coating that prevents its digestion in the stomach ( like ecotrin ) . regular aspirin , without any buffering or coatings is tolerated by most people , but some cannot take it without severe stomach upset . for these folks , the buffered form is a god-send . unfortunately , aspirin fell out of favor in the 60 's and 70 's when reye 's syndrome developed in some children ( under the age of 16 ) who took aspirin while they had the flu and / or chickenpox . about 30% of the children affected died and many more had permanent brain damage . because of reye 's syndrome , alternate analgesics were placed on the market , the premier being tylenol . there is no reason to fear using aspirin if you are an adult , as reye 's syndrome only occurred in children under 16 years of age . the usual dose of aspirin is 350 mg , with the " extra-strength form at 500 mg . most adults will easily tolerate a dose of 650 mg ( 2 tablets ) every 4 hours with a maximum daily dose of 5 , 200 mg . ( some with rheumatoid arthritis take up to 7200 mg / day with a doctor 's supervision ) . there is no additional benefit to taking more than 1 , 000 mg every 4 hours . increasing the dose beyond this point will only increase the toxicity of aspirin . aspirin should be avoided in people taking blood-thinning medications , those with stomach ulcers , and used with caution in insulin-dependent diabetics . allergies can develop to aspirin as well . never mix aspirin with any of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatories , such as ibuprofen , as there is no pain benefit and the gastric upset chance is greatly increased . do n't mix aspirin with alcohol either , as it is hard on the stomach . used properly , aspirin is a terrific medication . i prefer to buy my aspirin in a generic form . one pays more for aspirin if it is produced by a name-brand manufacturer . however , the big-manufacturers also package aspirin in some of the buffered forms that some people tolerate better . jim " konedog " koenig 
music neg 413.txt hey ! never liked ja fool ! he is and will always be over ! where is he ? ? ? ? ? ? ? like i care ! any way ! ! ! ! 50 has sold 16 million+ cd 's and ja fool had the nerve to say 50 do n't sell ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ja fool ! ! ! greatest hits ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nuff said ! over ja fool rule ! ! 
health neg 771.txt i suspect that the phrase mentioned in the title of my review ( which i saw in the description of the product ) was amazon 's idea since most ( if not all ) of the label information is easily found on nature made 's own website www.naturemade.com . there you will find that several of the components are synthetic ( not necessarily bad , but i like to know ) , and also that amazon is near the top in selling price of the 6 listed online retailers for this particular product . ai n't it just amazing what the web can teach you ? thanks amazon ! : ) 
software neg 794.txt unit gives inconsistant results especially with front projection sets . spyder also requires room to be as dark as possible in order to make adjustments . this is not always practical . the tripod mount fits too loose on spyder and easily falls off . i think this is a good beginning to a potentially fine product , but not yet ready for prime time 
dvd neg 489.txt i 've taken kickboxng classes and have owned other kickboxing dvds but did not like this one . its boring , kathy seems to be doing a number of the moves in an awkward manner and the other people on set are distracting - - from their outfits to their sloppy moves . skip this one 
books pos 747.txt for over three years i 've been studying buddhism and zen . during that time i 've ordered many books within the different buddhist schools . there are many fine authors out there that explain the tenets and fine workings of buddhism as well as zen . i believe a solid background in buddhism background is essential in understanding buddha 's message to mankind . however , the true " nuts and bolts " of buddhism practice can be found most directly in zen . it is one thing to know something about a religion or way of life yet it is another to be able to apply it . ezra bayda has most succinctly given the best instruction of how to apply zen to one 's life where we need it the most ; during those moments when we are gripped with our core pain . core pain is comprised of our anger , traumas , sadness , feelings of inferiority , etc. it is this core pain that can make our life a living hell . ezra examines these emotions and teaches us how we can mindfully learn to transform them in a way that truly works . instead of denying them or trying to escape them we learn that they are part of our path in life . and while it takes courage to be present with these emotions we learn that they are but old programs and often ancient belief systems that take us away from the genuine life we all deserve . at least one reader has referred to this as being like a self-help book . yet anytime we look for truth whether it be in religion or psychology , are n't we looking for something to help us . ezra offers us the tools to achieve transformation in our life . when i ordered this book i had hoped it would teach me how to truly apply zen teachings to my life . what i did n't realize is that the information this book contains would exceed anything i have read in any religious book , psychology book , or college text . another reviewer said " where 's the zen " in reference to the contents of this book . " the zen " is there on every page . while ezra does n't use the esoteric style of writing common in zen / buddhist teaching , his simple clearcut way of communication exemplifies the simpleness that zen is truly about . ezra 's other two books " at home in the muddy water " and " saying yes to life " are excellent as well and deepen your understanding of living mindfully and in the moment . a helpful hint , read his three books in chronological order with this book first . personally , i think that reading them in order adds to a person 's understanding and that each book acts like a foundation for the next . ezra bayda i have not had the honor of meeting you personally yet i thank you most sincerely for the gift of your writings . i bow to you for you are a master ! there are many of us i 'm sure that are looking forward to your future works . two other excellent zen books that teach mindful living and dealing with difficult emotions are " beginning mindfulness : learning the way of awareness " by andrew weiss and " at hell 's gate : a soldier 's journey " by claude anshin thomas . also , the writing 's of thich nhat hanh , a great man who highly influenced both of these authors , teaches the art of mindful living in a very understandable manner . good luck to you on the path . 
music neg 353.txt i love ray charles when ray 's doing ray . this was terrible . ray was out of tune , out of touch and the song selection was ridiculous . i 'm sorry ray , i love you . it 's a shame this had to be one of your last cd 's 
books neg 732.txt the only reason susan mccrook would n't talk was she was afraid she 'd end up taking an adn ( arkansas dirt nap ) . case closed 
music pos 535.txt this truly is a masterpiece of pop music . there is not a wasted moment . the songs all blend together majestically one after the other . you really must listen from beginning to end to get the full effect . i agree with the reviewer that stated that ' do n't look back ' is one of the best songs i have ever heard . i told a colleague that my heart melts when it plays . i do n't mean to be gushing but this album stands apart . i had to put it away for awhile because it is somewhat addictive . 
books pos 970.txt for someone like myself that is new to selling and licensing art , this book is so informative . i am so glad that i bought it . it is also a good reference book to keep on hand . i recommend it . 
camera pos 134.txt i searched and researched the lens to purchase with my canon rebel xti for weeks because i knew that i did not want the kit lens . i also did not have the money to spend on a 5 , 6 , or $700 dollar lens . in the end after reading countless reviews , ones implementing professional techniques and ones using just opinion , this lens looked to be the best value . for the money i really do n't think that you can beat this lens . it focuses quickly , it is really quiet while doing it , and it is sharp enough for the money . plus it has full time manual focus , which is a really big plus for a lens in this price range . the only problem is it is a little on the narrow side with the 1.6 crop factor on the rebel xti , but i would much rather have to deal with that than a sub-par image . in summary i would recommend this lens in place of the kit lens to anyone who does n't have the money to buy an " l " series lens . it is really a great value 
camera pos 342.txt i bought one of these for my canon sd-800 and can recommend it . for many years now , i 've carried canon pocket cameras on my belt while traveling and the canon-branded cases are simply the best for this purpose . my only criticism of the canon cases has been their lack of a small pocket for media . i was hoping that with the tiny size of sd cards canon would have added such a pocket to their newer cases , but they haven't . on the plus side , the case retains the superior leather construction , uses a neat magnetic tie down for the flap instead of velcro or a snap , and has a belt loop that is tight enough to hold the camera comfortably against your body . the package also includes a nice looking leather replacement strap for your camera . incidentally , the sd-800 is well matched to the case , fitting quite securely 
books neg 558.txt i received my ph.d . in theoretical and applied mechanics from one of the best u.s. universities , and for more than thirty years was teaching and researching in the field of solid mechanics . before starting the reading of this book , i was in the agreeable mood with the author 's that machines can never be human , and that ai will retain ( if not forever ) for a very long time its name - unreal . but , now , i am dismayed . the author unsuccessfully used 450 pages full of topics in mathematics and physics to support his point of view , making simple topics sound difficult , and making diffcult ones look impossibble . the inclusion of his strange tilings is strange . all in all , the book does not make sense . moreover , his ' note to the reader ' ( which is patronizing , arrogant and deceiving ) , and his prologue and epilogue ( which are at best cynical ) should have warned me not to venture any further . i cannot help feeling sorry for myself and for several other readers ; and most of all , if this is the author 's usual way of communicating his ideas , for his students . luckily , i did not buy this book ; for one person , who could not stand reading through it , dared me to finish his unfinished endeavor 
software neg 14.txt i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right . 
camera neg 32.txt i do video work and was attracted to the sale price and extra height of this particular tripod . come to find out , this model does not have a fluid head , meaning , if you do any panning with a camcorder , it wo n't be as smooth as you 'd probably like it to be . also , at the end of a pan the head tends to " unwind , " causing your panned image to back up a little ways . thus , i think it 's rather misleading to label this as a " photo / video " tripod . additionally , i do n't really care for the cheap feel of some of the plastic knobs and adjusters . finally , mine came with a few , very minor cosmetic blemishes , almost as if it were used . instead of video , i 'll be utilizing this one as a microphone mount . if you want to do video , please buy a tripod with a fluid head . you 'll love it , i guarantee that . that 's why i give this one 2 stars 
software pos 234.txt homesite is widely recognized as " the " premier tool for coding html , client side , and server side code by hand . adding it to your resume wo n't land you a job , but it will certainly boost your chances of getting an interview because it indicates that you are not a cheap , wysiwyg junkie . one of the things i like best about homesite 5 is the adaptability it allows when coding in asp.net . i was able to find a plug-in , which when added to homesite , recognized the .net tags and colors them accordingly . there are similar plug-ins for just about every language out there . if you are unfamiliar with homesite , are considering a purchase , but are not sure it 's the right tool for you , here 's a very brief description on how it works : this is not a drag-and-drop design tool that created the code for you . it is , in essence , a text editor on steroids . as you code by hand it will color the code for you , tell you when you 've made errors , offer you a ton of help on knowing what tags mean , has a built in ftp client , helps you organize your work into projects , and a bunch of other functions i 've never used . here 's the main thing you need to know : if you 're a homesite pro , then you are also a real developer . to everyone who has whined about lack of support : what do you expect for less then $100 ? if you purchase a flagship product from macromedia such as dreamweaver , studio mx , or fireworks , you 'll get all the support you 'll need . also , i 've been able to find plenty of free support from news groups and email lists that focus on web development . for every problem or question i 've found someone who knows the solution . you can too ! ! ! just a note : amazon is behind the times . from the macromedia website you can now purchase two versions ahead of what amazon is offering . well worth the $99.00 
books neg 345.txt i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
dvd pos 538.txt this disk collects the two tales from the crypt movies on one side of a single disk . for some reason the menu has the second movie listed first . in the first movie , billy zane is excellent as a demon looking for a final key so that the demons can retake the universe . this is the story of his battle with the current demon knight , the protector of the key . wonderfully crafted and dark . the second movie , bordello of blood , is a more tongue-in-cheek t&a-fest and lacks the dark seriousness of the first . lilith , the queen of all vampires , has been awakened . she can be controlled by a key ( the one from the first movie ) . she has set up a bordello to lure victims to her hunger . dennis miller is his wise-cracking self as he portrays a down-and-out private investigator looking for a missing person . it is nice not to have to flip the disk over or insert a new disk but there is no room for real extras ( we do get the original trailers ) . seeing the two films together really showcases the extreme difference between the two . the first is dark , well-written and well-acted . the second is gratuitous , crass and just not quite as good ( although it is fun in its own way ) . now they are together at a reasonable price . 
software neg 623.txt i had mcafee iss 2006 and loved it . i bought 2007 when my subscription expired . oh my dear god ! ! what have i done ! ! the thing is complete crap . my computer is 1 year old with duel core chip and 2gb of memory . this thing never crashed . i loaded 2007 and it was crashing every 5 minutes ! ! i could not get on the internet with my browsers . mcafee was updating and microsoft was reporting the serious errors with no problem , but forget about trying to get help from their website . they have got to be kidding ! ! i tried to uninstall it , forget about it . i was able to get enough of it off so that my computer is able to access the internet and not crash every 5 minutes . thanks alot mcafee , you took a good product and turned it into crap and made a mess of my computer . i downloaded a free firewall and avg anti virus . 
dvd neg 621.txt i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ? 
software neg 195.txt i used a bundled package in a new laptop to create a photo album . when trial time expired , i purchase the full package . i could not open the existing album with the new software . the new full package is hard to use and the so called 1000 's of templates can not be found . use something else ! ! ! i even e-mailed corel about this . its been 4 days , i have not had a response . do not buy ! ! ! i rate this produce as a -2 stars 
music neg 101.txt after carefully researching as many rain recordings as possible on amazon and reading all reviews i had hoped i had made a good choice with this cd . unfortunately i discovered that not only is the recording looped about every 60 seconds but there is an unmistakable low frequency rumble that is very apparent listening though my 5.1 system and my bose tri-port headphones . as a recording engineer i recognize this to most likely be a truck or car passing by and passing the sound up through the microphone stands that were obviously not de-coupled from the ground . the bottom line is i hear this rumble each and everytime i start to relax and it renders the cd completely useless to me . the recording is otherwise a good one and the stereo image presented seems authentic . since nobody else has complained of this rumble , i will assume that it will only bother someone with a trained ear 
dvd pos 263.txt this was a subject of much conversation when i was deployed to saudi arabia and it 's still a favorite with most military and civilians in iraq . " ground hog day " is a term used to describe the seemingly endless days that are all the same...until finally , the day comes when the alarm goes off and you wake up realizing it 's the day you leave . the movie is high in entertainment value and the story is unusual and unique ; bill murray was the perfect choice to cast in the lead roll and the supporting cast all played their parts just as well . it 's fun watching the lead character develop and become a new man , and it almost makes me wish we had a piano here . 
books neg 822.txt this is a difficult book for beginner-level spanish language students . i kept it b / c i understand that it is one they use at the immersion course i will be taking soon in mexico . probably will not use it before that or subsequent 
health pos 207.txt these are great for those days you just want to sit in the sun and read without sun glare . great product 
camera pos 7.txt i recently bought this lens amid trepidation that the 85mm focal length would overwhelm the x1.6 crop factor of my digital rebel xl . my worries were needless : just a step or two back from the subject plus some getting used to the telephoto perspective were enough to turn this lens into the most effective portrait lens that i have . when attached to my eos elan 7n film camera , however , the lens really truly comes into its own , as the full frame 35mm slr delivers the entire focal range of this lens . the focused image is incredibly crisp compared to any other non-l grade lens . and i agree that this lens deserves the red ring of courage around it , like the l lenses have . this glass is absolutely essential in a very short list of affordable lenses , and should give many of the non-affordable ones a run for their money . solidly built too , with an old-fashioned no-nonsense look to it . i highly recommend it 
music pos 859.txt if you really into french baroque that is..... . 
dvd pos 638.txt i think if charles bukowski , dylan thomas , and fellini collaborated on a piece of writing , it 's possible they would have come up with this screenplay . this movie is exciting because it 's soooo different from anything i 've ever seen . deliciously non-linear . the substance abuse aspect is a little overdone but that 's the destiny of & quot ; artist movies&quot ; . i loved hearing the dialog , and kristofferson 's acting is the best i 've ever seen by him . anything so daring and so unconventional will naturally upset some people ( like other reviewers here ) , but if you ask me that only validates the work . if ever i go to new york city , the hotel chelsea will be at the top of my list of places to visit . my favorite lines were by the crazy guy in the elevator , who after claiming to have had a conversation with dylan thomas said that ghosts naturally reside in places like the chelsea because people will listen to them there . the dvd extras contain a couple of quirky interviews , one with director ethan hawke and the other with robert sean leonard who plays a deeply troubled folksinger in the film 
music pos 414.txt marias and srayle , if you like the guaraldi original then keep it and chuck the winston , personally , i think the winston performance is refreshing and a delightful ' twist ' on guaraldi 's works . the piano is brillaint sounding and at volume , thru a good system sounds like there 's a piano in the room . it should be emphatically understood , you are buying winston in this case , and not guaraldi . i have both versions 
camera pos 899.txt the remote control works well with the olympus digital camera . it was delivered on time and without any problems . 
health pos 45.txt these are a great , yuumy snack . for someone who counts calories ( or points ) , it 's nice to have an option that is relatively healthy and still tastes great ! i have never met a luna bar i did n't like , though this is my favorite flavor 
software pos 364.txt this is absolutely tremendous ! if you ever owned the original kirby-lee fantastic four comics , and let them go for whatever reasons , or if you never had them , and want to see the world 's greatest comic magazine in the days when it truly lived up to that title , this is the way to go ! no one who 's gotten this far should pass it up.. . it 's an unbelievable bargain and a wonderful item in these days of madness like comics slabbed in plastic , like han solo trapped in carbonite.. . forget the marvel masterworks volumes.. . the reproduction ranges from shoddy to terrible , and the color is garish . those reprints do a great disservice to these classic comics.. . the originals looked much better than they do in the masterworks volumes ! an example.. . fantastic four #5... in the masterworks volume , on the very first page of the very first appearance of doctor doom , black splotches inexplicably obliterate most of doom 's mask...there 's no excuse for that ! that was n't there in the original , and it 's not here in the scan ! if you do n't own the original comics , and are n't wealthy enough to buy the originals , this is the way to go . the scans are very good , high resolution . here , you see all the linework that gets clotted in the masterworks volumes , and you can zoom in and really study all the details of that great kirby machinery , otherworldly architecture , and cosmic panoramas ! i 've had a big grin on my face from the moment i looked at the first page.. . this is what comics are all about.. . pure , unadulterated , cosmic fun ! the original letter pages and ads are a real treat , too.. . the whole experience is time travel ! oh , yeah.. . you also get 34 years of non-kirby fantastic four issues.. . ; - ) please note ! if you have a mac , and are having difficulties with this dvd , here are some tips . are you opening it with preview ? if you just click on the icon on the disk , it will open in preview.. . but this will not work properly . you must use adobe reader to see the pages without the watermark . install adobe reader from the dvd . make an alias of adobe reader and put it in the dock . click and open the dvd icon . click and open the decade folder . do n't open the year folder.. . click and drag the pdf icon , ( such as ff_1960.pdf ) , onto the reader alias in the dock to open . click on year . click on month . click on the magnifing glass icon to zoom to any size . enjoy all that cool kirby machinery bigger than you 've ever seen it ! i hope this is helpful 
software neg 174.txt sorry to disappoint the believers , but this os is way overpriced for what it does . and , it will dominate you instead of the converse 
camera pos 967.txt i enjoy all the features of this item . the main compartment that hold the camera is soft and secure . you can open it without worrying about your camera falling off . the back compartment is roomy enough for all the basic gear . the slot for memory cards 1-4 ( depends on the card type ) , batteries ( roomy for four aa ) , and cables can fit in it . the shoulder strap is basic and looks flimsy . it 's not long enough to hold comfortable diagonally but on the side is good . the belt loop is very secure and can fit on belt three inch in width . it can even handle the worst environment ever . hot , dry climate with sandstorms and occasional accidental drops . it has protected my dig . camera very well 
books pos 367.txt elaine pagels is a wonderful writer . her explanation into early christianity is wonderful . it is definitely worth the time to read this . she delves into the politics of the early church , the passion , the resurrection , as well as the clashes between gnostic and orthodox thinking . too often , we forget that what we call the canon is not the only writings available . she just reminds us that there is this whole other world of writings that did not make it into the bible for one reason or another . if you want to get an idea of who the gnostics were , read this 
health neg 477.txt i thought this hot air brush would make things easier by not having to hold a round brush and blow dryer . it 's a great idea , but it just does n't work as well as that . first let me say i have shoulder length , normal hair , but a lot of it . if i air dry , it is slightly wavy . i used the larger of the two brushes and found it could n't get through my hair . so then i was using a second hand to try to push the hair against the brush so it would curl around it . that did n't work very well , and i wound up burning my hands more than once . i also found that i could n't get the same nice curl with this hot air brush that i could get by using a regular round brush and dryer . the other major problem was that the brush got extremely hot . if you have an idea that you 'll be able to change from the larger brush size to smaller ( or the unit without the attachment ) or vice versa , you wo n't without getting burned . the attachment- -even the end of the blow dryer itself- -is simply too hot to touch . i was doing things like using a hand towel to try to change attachments . the size and shape of the unit is also not optimal . i found it too large and awkward to use . the off button is located right where your hand is , so it 's easy to bump . also , there 's no cold shot . if you 've come to appreciate what that can do for setting a curl , you 'll probably miss it like i did . additionally , as another person has mentioned , the unit is very loud . you would be wise to buy a couple foam ear plugs if you are determined to keep this brush and keep your hearing . i do n't believe i read any warning about the noise , either . it 's much louder than my traditional guy-style blow dryer . time wise , i found that i spent much longer trying to get my hair dry , and then i was n't fully satisfied with the style as well as the burns and hassle involved in getting there . i gave this a try for a few days and then returned it to the store for a refund . it made me appreciate the traditional blow dryer and round brush . some things are just not as good as they seem . 
books neg 476.txt i 'll be blunt . i did n't care for this book . i bought it thinking it would delve into the subject of the gnostic sophia . instead the author goes this way and that and hardly even mentions her . i really think the title was misleading . as a sidenote , lucifer is given a bad rap in this book and many concede that lucifer plays an important part in later understandings of gnosis 
dvd pos 568.txt born in steventon , hampshire in 1775 , jane austen was one of two daughters of the reverent george austen and his wife cassandra . she was educated in oxford and in southampton , finally attending a boarding school in the abbey gatehouse in reading , berkshire . the environment provided by her home was conducive to writing and she often enacted plays for her family , something that gave her the opportunity to present her stories and develop the characters in depth . jane austen 's works are imaginative , full of emotion and depicting relationships that transcend time . jane austen wrote about society , about propriety and about etiquette . she was highly critical of the snobbery with which the upper classes kept away from others . her study of human flaws and prsonal relationships provide great material for the development of her characters . jane austen wrote pride and prejudice in 1813 and it still enchants audiences all over the world . the first time i read this book , i read as a child , back in cuba , " orgullo y prejuicio . " the writings of jane austen shaped my perception of true love as i identified with the love between elizabeth bennet and her one and only , mr. darcy . with this bbc adaptation completed in 1996 , i have been able to relive the experience of exposing myself to a classic , one of the best books ever written . with this bbc miniseries we feel as though we were reading the book , for the adaptation faithfully follows the author 's writing . the filming is magnificent , offering us a view of gorgeous scenery , magnificent castles , and locations that bring the book to life , for we can see what we expected after reading the book . the love story presents the struggle of the times , as two individuals fall in love , regardless of class differences , or status , and yet , the antagonism and friction created as a result of said differences . darcy is a wealthy single man who , upon meeting the family of elizabeth , boisterous , non-polished , and simple , believes her to be beneath him . the meet at a dance where his best friend falls in love with elizabeth sister , but darcy thinks he knows jane 's heart not to be true to these emotions . elizabeth overhears a conversation during the dance and feels insulted by the proud and distant darcy , keeping her distance and yet , without her awareness , falling in love with him . jane austen is masterful at creating enough tension to keep us all in suspense as to the path these lives will take as some members of elizabeth family make the wrong choices . the dialogue is almost verbatim to the book , making this series a true delight for those of us who identify with this work . jennifer ehle as elizabeth and colin firth as darcy provide magnificent interpretations of this timeless classic , keeping us all dreaming of ever encountering love of this magnitude in our lives . as with most dvds that we own , we watch by selecting english subtitles , which enhances the viewing by allowing us not to miss a single word said by the characters . who would want to miss a single word in this marvel of the english language ? there is a documentary as an additional bonus , where interviews with cast members are included.. . simply awesome ! interviewed are : jennifer ehle [elizabeth] , colin firth [darcy]. we also get to see those who played mary bennet [lucy briers] , mr. collins [david bamber , mr. bingley [crispin bonham-carter] and mr. wickham [adrian lukis] 
camera pos 828.txt i purchased this prior to the birth of my son , and it 's doing the job perfectly . i do n't have a 2.4ghz phone at home so i ca n't say how it would 've affected its performance , but video and sound are very clear at a remote location . i 'm happy with the product and highly recommend it 
software pos 563.txt i am very pleased with the new 2007 hallmark card studio deluxe . i have owned previous versions of this product and for my needs , i am well satisfied . i especially like the ability to use suggested greetings and clip art to enhance my rubber stamped cards and scrapbooking projects . i have used this software to print banners and business flyers as well . it would be nice if multiple images could be contained in a text box . maybe in the future there will be more enhancements to this product for easiser use . i am pleased with the card selection , verses and graphics . for non professionals , i believe you get more than a fair value for the price 
dvd neg 770.txt standard disclaimer : i love dream theater . however , this dvd is almost unbearable to watch due to all of the video effects that obscure the live performance . did n't i buy a dvd of dream theater live so that i could see them play ? ? at times , several minutes pass without showing the musicians as they 're playing . video effects such as swirling colors , images of the artists upside down ( ? ! ? ) , and black and white re-enactments make the whole affair feel like someone was trying to create their first music video for mtv in 1984. or maybe trying to induce an epileptic seizure in the viewer ? ? dream theater would get a rating of 1000 , but i 'd give this dvd a 0 if i could . just goes to show what poor editing gets you 
software pos 812.txt though i 've odered many times with amazon , this is the first time i have been excited enough to review a product ! i 'm an adult who wants to learn guitar for fun and did n't want to play " mary had a little lamb " and scales for months . i have only used the software for about an hour , and have already been playing parts of songs i actually like ! i have been playing guitar for a total of one week prior to receiving this ( without any instruction ) .this is perfect if you do n't have the patience or desire to learn the traditional way . i wish i had this when i was 14 , i would have loved it . i ca n't vouch for the whole thing yet , since i 've only played with it for an hour , so i give it 4 stars instead of five . from what i 've seen i have no reason to expect that it will let me down and highly recommend it 
books neg 301.txt same ole same ole , just another way for her to make a buck . shame 
software neg 739.txt when converting my 2005 data over to 2006 version it lost all of my time data . i have to rebuild my datafile just to use the check register now . also the new program will not allow me to add a vendor or a customer . i 've had to change names and addresses of obsolete customers and vendors just to add new ones . intuit 's support sucks and cannot seem to resolve my problems . i have two copies on two different computers and am having the same problems with my data file on each computer . my recommendation is if you are using the 2005 version , and do n't need tax tables , do n't mess with 2006 version . it has literally cost me thousands of dollars of my time trying to work out the bugs on my own 
music neg 658.txt like so many new-age artists , ryan farish has a great ear for melodies . unlike most new-age artists , ryan farish has rhythmic problems . he likes to use the delay effect on his piano , but either it is not sycronized with the tempo of the song or he is simply being too sloppy with his playing ( sometimes it 's one problem and sometimes it 's both ) . i do n't know how he let those takes make it on to the final album . also , the massively loud reverse cymbal sounds are way overused and make the entire album very abrasive very quickly 
health neg 850.txt this thing comes with lots of attachments , of which i regularly used only 2. the vibrating cuticle pusher is silly . as far as all those round discs , it 's hard to explain the physics of this , but suffice it to say that since it 's a rotating circle , you can only use half of it at a time or you 'll experience a bump-bump-bump . the thing rotates at such a speed ( even the lowest of the two speeds ) that even leaving on your toe or finger for a moment or two can create a burning sensation . what i did use was the smallest pointed attachment , which i used to lightly go around my nail close to the cuticle . this was good for when you 're wearing clear nail polish and your nails are starting to grow out . you can lightly buff down that ridge of polish . same goes for the edge where acrylic meets the natural nail . the other attachment i used , though less frequently , is the bigger cone-shaped one ( kind of looks like the shape of a foam ear plug ) . that i used to lightly go over my largest toenails to thin them down since i have trouble with ingrown toenails . again , it 's a challenge not to create burn when doing so . the nail dryer thing is silly and useless . if you manage to cram your hand into that little scoop without smudging the polish , it does n't do much anyway to dry your nails any faster than just letting them set . buy a little fan like they use in the shops if you want faster drying time . this thing is n't gonna do it . other folks mentioned this thing ruined their nails . it 's likely because they tried to use all of the attachments ( which you 'd think you should be able to do , right ? ) . much regular buffing on your nail thins it down and weakens it too much . the bump-bump-bump of the round attachments likely does n't help , either . a couple times i used this for acrylic nails . i have a tendency to wear acrylic nails a few weeks and then hate them and want them removed- --and i 'm no longer willing to subject myself to the soak-and-pry method done in the nail salons . so the alternative was soak at home , or just trim down myself and then thin them to a more natural curved shape until the rest of the acrylic grew out . however , i mention i did this only a couple times . that 's because apparently acrylics are a bit too much of a challenge for this little " deluxe manicure system . " after sounding like it was ailing while it filed down the length of 2 acrylic nails , it gave a little bzz and then died . i waited a while to see if maybe it overheated . i tried other outlets . nope , dead . so i 'd pronounce this unfit for natural or acrylic nails . if you want something of quality for acrylic nails , invest in the dremel tools that the salons use ( just be sure to get one with a low rpm or foot pedal attachment ) . if you want something of quality for natural nails , go to the drug store and get some sandpaper nail files , a rectangular buffer , and a cuticle pusher . sometimes the best solution is the simplest . 
dvd pos 718.txt i got my movie sooner than expected . it was in a new like condition . very nice and thanks 
books neg 533.txt this book is poorly written and even more poorly edited . the back cover states ... " every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out . " it is a great statement , but it is unfortunately not true . page 6 : " so what formats can a script be saved as ? there are three main kinds of script files : regular compiled script , which is the native applescript file format , and scripts saved as plain text or as applications . on top of that , os x added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called " bundle . " bundles are folders that appear and behave as files . you can read about them in chapter 23. " - i guess bundle is not a " main " format ? why is there a distinction between main formats and , for lack of a better term , minor formats ? i have no idea . page 35 : " every class has a super class . " page 40 : " we saw that objects belong to classes , and classes may have subclasses and super classes . " - which sentence is correct ? page 43 : " when you work with an application that does n't support the whose clause , you have to settle for slower , clumsier repeat loops . " - repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book . there is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in chapter 11 , pages 321-343. i wanted to like this book , but i do not . i look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book , because it does have potential to be great . however the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing 
dvd neg 75.txt seriously , i am an expert , and this movie sucks . but , imagine for a moment- -yes , stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices- -a movie whose premise is truly profound , strikingly engaging , and culturally challenging- -that art is only such relative to those individuals , those ` experts ' , whose tastes , likes and dislikes , decide it so . given that aesthetic claims are empirically nonsensical- -a matter of pure subjective opinion- -why is it that some art is valued at all while some not at all ? besides this interesting question , which is put forth explicitly , without the pretentious riddles of terrible poetry , and in about 60 seconds , the rest of the movie is obnoxious editing and narration . avoid at all costs . 
dvd neg 368.txt unlike many of the reviewers here , i 'm not a biblical expert and really do n't care if the movie adheres to the stories as they are portrayed in the bible . i would just judge the movie based on its entertainment value and ability to engage me emotionally . the biggest problem with this movie was that it simply seemed to be too long and drawn out . there were also some scenes that felt like padding and added nothing to the story ( and in some cases detracted from it ) . for instance , during the long voyage while the earth was covered by water , everyone goes a bit crazy . that 's an acceptable premise but it 's played out theatrically for far too long and in a variety of embarrassing scenes for the actors . the idea that they suffered madness was fine to introduce but it should n't have taken up so much time nor been quite so adbsurdly plotted out like a little play . there were also a couple of ridiculous encounters on the water ( between lot acting as a pirate and a merchant who sold them various trinkets for water ) which undermined the entire story of the great flood . everyone was supposed to have perished in the flood and it was a bit absurd that a few would be sailing the high seas on little boats . it was just plain silly and , again , seemed to be put in just to pad the story or add unnecessary " spice " ( it did n't work as a means of jazzing up the story ) . i 'm guessing the writers felt the time on the water had to be long to show how noah and his family suffered or had their faith tested but they also felt it had to be more interesting than just lounging on the boat and taking care of the animals . this type of insecurity with telling a story in the most effective way is what causes so many productions to go bad . to the movie 's credit , the actors are quite good and there are some good moments but too much of the movie does n't work . 
health neg 947.txt i 've used the cardiochek 6 times , and had my cholesterol checked at a doctor 's office during the same period . my cholesterol levels according to the doctor 's tests are always around 200. with the cardiochek they vary by as much as 90 points . it is a lot of trouble ( and expensive ) to purchase 3 sets of test strips and stab myself 3 times to test total cholesterol , hdl cholesterol , and triglycerides . no test strips are included in the package when i purchased the cardiochek . the box says " includes check strips " but those are something other than test strips 
software pos 73.txt if you decide to buy a current greeting card program , there are really only two front-line choices : art explosion greeting card factory ( currently version 5 ) or hallmark card studio ( currently 2006 ) . there are other programs available specifically for creating cards , but most of them are low quality and outdated , and are n't really worth considering . ( a competitive third product featuring american greetings designs is sadly now long outdated ; the designs in the american greetings program were of similar quality to those in the hallmark package ) . so how do these two products match up ? without a question , if you are looking for quality " canned " cards , the hallmark program wins . the hallmark designs are professional , and are equal in quality to cards you would purchase in a store . in contrast , the designs in art explosion are adequate but surely not up to the quality of a store-bought card . the hallmark program is also able to simply and correctly print to several different types of card store ( although you are stuck with the choices pre-programmed into the software unless you want much frustration ) . the art explosion does a poorer job of correctly and simply printing to a variety of card stock and configurations . art explosion beats the hallmark program in editing options ( more extensive ) , and in the amount of additional art ( clipart , etc. ) included with the package . if you do not plan to use the " canned " cards , then i would recommend art explosion . but the average user will likely appreciate the professional , high quality cards in the hallmark package . personally , i consider the choice of the hallmark package over art explosion a no brainer . a note on versions : the publisher comes out with a new version of the hallmark program every year ( 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , etc. ) and the same is true for art explosion greeting card factory . having used many of these versions , i find very little reason to recommend upgrading year by year . disappointingly , the stock cards in the hallmark program do not seem to have changed appreciably in many years , and the same is true for art explosion . 
music neg 805.txt well seeing all the reviews on here and being a former fan of sugar ray along with being bored to death at work i 've decided to write my own review . i believe sugar ray had something special with the first two albums as well but as time went by they have gradually gone from ultra-hip , i just wanna drink beer and cause trouble types , to oh so sappy songs about love and how heart break sucks , nothing that has n't been told a thousand times over . when i first hearsd sugar ray back in 97 i thought their sound was revolutionary , i bought floored and liked all the tracks and soon found myself buying the first album , then the third , fourth , and fifth albums came out , the third one was alright i bought it for the songs that were n't radio friendly such as glory , personal space invader , and burning dog ; and with the release of their fourth album i bought it as well , hoping that they would get back on formula ; yes as you might of guessed i was delusional ; their music had seemed to had gotten worse as predicted.....now with the release of their fifth album , they had already lost me as a fan so therefore , i give all three of the most recent albums of theirs a 1 / 5 stars for lack of originality 
camera pos 868.txt though being a nikonist for years and knowing the possibilities of that camera i could never imagine the results and performance of this item , easy to handle , incredible small for the capacity and giving the same options to get the same quality of pictures than the d80.i have both 
software neg 842.txt i am not at all happy with this product . the instructions are terrible and the program is not at all intuitive . it was a total waste of my money and time . 
camera pos 653.txt i bought this camera to replace my 35 almost a couple years back . i am an avid nature photographer so most of my work is taken in the outdoors . after hundreds of pictures and all kinds of weather here 's the lowdown.. . pros ... picture quality is amazing even after zooming the full 10x ( i never go into digital zoom because of low quality of pictures , although this camera is n't too bad after complete full optical and digital zoom ) . prints that i 've made up to 16x20 " ( have n't gone larger , but i know i can ) are extremely impressive and are as crisp as viewing a 4x6. it is easy to use and the functions are easy to get to with the use of the joystick . the stabilization at full 10x zoom is incredible also . it appears really shaky through the window , but pictures continue to turn out crisp . close-ups are clear and reveal amazingly clear details . the movie feature works better indoors than the regular camera portion ( read cons ) . cons ... indoor shooting is limited because the flash is n't strong enough . when at a school chorus concert , the pictures turned out fuzzy and unclear . award ceremonies , the pictures turned out once again unusable in my standards . the zoom is fixed when using the movie feature so you need to have the zoom set before beginning a movie . this camera seems to eat batteries , especially in the winter months . i am always on the go , and when i go to pull out the camera i find the camera lens cover has fallen off yet again . it comes off way to easily causing smudges and smears on the lens so i must always have lens cleaner wipes on me . the viewing window cover has also come off and is lost in the woods somewhere , but that also is minor . most of the cons really are all minor things that do n't interfere with the amazing quality of the pictures as long as you are properly prepared for those minor issues . i tried to be as precise about this camera as possible . all in all , i would highly recommend this camera to the avid photographer . if you plan on using a camera on mostly indoor activities , just keep in mind for the flash to work good , keep your subjects close . it 's been bumped , jostled , and droped a couple of times and the camera still works like a gem 
books neg 366.txt a favourite writer goes to prison , keeps a diary which proves to be an enjoyable read , then , upon his release , writes the worst book of his career . the concept of the book is good , as is the idea to blend the characters into the 9-11 tragedy . the first 20 pages flow with typical archer style . then the characters begin to make a series of continuously irrational decisions . my personnal favourite is when 2 characters independantly consider driving either to canada or mexico in order to fly to europe during the 9-11 grounding of air traffic . the idea that new yorkers would n't know that montreal is the nearest international airport seem laughable . while there is a direct highway to montreal , archer sends the main character to toronto which reqires a least 6 different highway changes , is in the wrong direction and nearly twice the drive . once at the border , the border patrol guard turns out to be a world class art historian who apparantly does n't know that mcgill university is in montreal not toronto as is claimed by our hero . the guard then remarks that he will " meet " a collegue of the hero when that peron travels up to the conference . the idea that only one border guard is working the dozens of eastern us / canadian border crossings , with multi-lane checkpoints 24 / 7 is simply the work of a mind out of touch with reality . its fine to change details to enhance the plot and structure of a story , but there is simply no benefit to this sillyness . dan cormie 
camera pos 260.txt i love the bag for all the reasons others did not like it . the product is listed as a gadget bag and that is what it is good at . the s2 is is a large camera for a point and shoot and it fits in very few bags . this bag fit the camera easily and had space for all types of extras including batteries , chargers and extra media cards . there is also enough room for another small digital camera or a film point and shoot . the correct way to advertise this case would have been for up to two bodies or four small lens . given that limitation , this is a great bag . the bag is very well made and holds my canon powershot s2 is very securely . i lay the camera on it 's back and that means that even if i accidently power it on the lens opens harmlessly . the material is great and the waist belt is very practical . the strap is well padded and after a day of use i believe it is one of the most comfortable straps i have used . buy this bag for the correct camera and you will be very happy with it . 
dvd neg 524.txt while the story may be entertaining in its own right , and any chance to see donald o'conner dance is worth it , this can be a very disappointing film to porter buffs . the plot has nothing to do with the stage play except that some of it does take place on a ship . the story line is totally different and therefore some of porter 's original songs have been taken out and replaced by songs of sammy cahn and james van huesen which do not live up to porter 's quality . the best examples i can give is the fact that there is no evangelist so the title song " anything goes " turns into a second act number , sung by mitzi and chorus ( with horrific word changes ) and " blow gabriel blow " becomes a finale in the broadway show ( sung by the four main characters ) that comes at the end of the picture and has nothing to do with any character or plot line . if you have n't seen it on stage it 's pleasant enough , but if you 're expecting the broadway show it 's a major disappointment 
books pos 408.txt the form of chinese meditation called qigong is based upon the fundamental lessons of internal elixir qigong - and the first step in learning this process is to absorb embryonic breathing theory and techniques which were long kept secret within buddhist monasteries . dr. yang translates and discusses most of the documents available on this arcane process , providing a summary of the practice and an important analysis of the breathing technique which is essential to the study of this ancient buddhist discipline . an essential key to understanding 
dvd neg 252.txt i saw a glimpse of this movie earlier on hbo and was interested enough to purchase the dvd . too bad i did n't watch the movie first when it was free ! james earl jone 's acting abilities were wasted on this movie , and i wo n't comment on the others . i 'm glad that our armed forces are not as inept as portrayed in this film . sorry i ca n't be more complimentary , but.... . 
music pos 354.txt loreena has a pure talent for weaving melody music and words together . her song the highwayman is absolutely astounding to be able to put the old poem into music melody and verse is quite amazing 
camera pos 167.txt this is the first slr camera that i have ever owned . i bought it because i was going on a trip around the world , wanted a nice camera , and had it recommended by a camera shop owner . it is extremely easy to use , so easy that i could hand the camera to someone in one of the countries i visited , point to the button they needed to push and i ended up with a great picture . i did n't need to explain a thing . i also did n't mind carrying it around all day , it is very light for its size . i have owned the camera for four years now and it still takes beautiful pictures . i have taken all sorts of pictures with this camera , from landscapes to action shots and they all turn out great . the action shots are never blurry ! the only complaint that i have is that the autofocus does not work well in low lighting , sometimes it is slow and sometimes it wo n't work at all . in these cases i just turn on the manual focus option . all the options that the camera has are great , but to be honest i rarely use them . i 've found that it is often easier to use manual focus than to adjust the camera so it will autofocus off center . if i know that i 'm going to be taking action shots or landscapes i will set the camera to that mode , but often i forget and my pictures still look great . i think that this is an excellent camera , especially for someone that is used to a point and shoot but wants the extra quality that a slr camera can give them . there are also many choices when it comes to additional lenses , so when the photography bug gets you , this camera can stay with you 
software pos 950.txt voice recognition software continues to improve . i 've been using versions of this software since 1998 and can see significant improvements in the voice recognition technology over that period . before investing in this software , though , check carefully the specifications of your pc . the faster the processor and the more ram you have , the better the results . the software will run on the minimum specification identified , but it may not run fast enough to satisfy the needs of some us . this software is useful in many circumstances . many of us can speak faster than we can type and many of us compose as we type . the software can be used with a range of email clients as well as in word processing and other software . you can , as it claims , obtain reasonable voice recognition results with a few minutes of set up and training . but for optimal use , and the best return on investment , consider using the voice command capabilities to drive other software . this takes more effort initially but can deliver significant benefits . i 'll be buying a new pc before i look at upgrading this software . highly recommended . jennifer cameron-smit 
software pos 915.txt my 5 and 6-year olds did n't seem to want to play , maybe too hard . i enjoyed playing and my 11-year old twins really liked it 
dvd neg 761.txt i 'm sorry , but this is honestly one of the worst movies i 've ever had the displeasure of witnessing . i purchased it after reading ambitious reviews that cited this movie was what mainstream horro should be . in reality , it 's nearly everything that 's wrong with low-budget films . first off , the camera work is horrible . secondly , i 've seen more convincing actors in elementary school plays . i mean , these actors make keanu reeves look like denzel washington . and finally , the story was absolutely horribly done . i admit , the premise itself had some promise- -but the way it was executed completely took away any interest factor i might have had . plain and simply , this film was unwatchable . i turned it off 65% through it . and i would 've turned it off earlier but i was hoping for some beacon of hope to appear on the screen . if you care at all about quality , in any sense , do not go near this piece of trash 
software neg 540.txt i recently upgraded to ms vista and ms office 2007 and i upgraded to the vista version of pdf converter pro 4. big , big mistake ! ! the program installed some sort of pdf " add-in " to ms office that caused excel , word , and outlook to crash . as soon as you opened one of the programs it would give an error message and close . it took hours on the phone with microsoft to figure out and correct the problem ( thanks microsoft ! ) . however , i got zero help from nuance , they wanted to charge me to even report a problem ! beaware you will not get technical support with nuance products ! before i upgraded , i used pdf converter pro at home whereas at work i used adobe pro . there is no comparison , pdf converter pro while considerably cheaper , does not do near as good a job of producing pdf files . i 'm still looking for something that works but is cheaper than adobe . 
music neg 52.txt man , have i given this guy a chance . multiple chances . listened to the cds , saw the big hbo special . i mean , his career is red hot now . he clearly has lots of fans . mostly college age ( perhaps this should be a warning to some of you ) . all i can say is " maybe they 'll grow out of it . " he is not funny . his act has no bite , no point of view , no opinion / viewpoint at all . his comedy consists of spewing observations his audience can relate to ( the " this is all happened to us " or " has this ever happened to you ? " school of humor ) . he runs about manically , acting out every little word that comes out of his mouth ( for those in the audience that may not be so good with words ) . his fans acknowledge that , yes , they can relate . " yeah ! that 's happened to me ! " " i know that reference ! ' they laugh , cheer , clap , and plunk down their hard-earned dollars for his vanilla wit . he never actually comments on the things he discusses in any intelligent , interesting way . he has no edge . he 's not outraged by anything . he 's cute ' n ' cuddly . richard pryor must be rolling in his grave at the very fact that cook is classified as a stand up comic . " pryor ? the guy writing this must be old ! ' okay , try this on for size : chris rock is good comedy . same with dave chappelle . carlin . laura kightlinger . kinison . rodney dangerfield . bob saget . gilbert gottfried . dom irrera . lewis black . robert klein . the late mitch hedberg . jim norton . patton oswalt . brian posehn . degeneres . jon stewart . bob & david . the ucb . i 'm not even a big fan of sarah silverman , but at least she 's trying to bring something different to the party . anything but this ! god help us . let 's hope he goes the way of carrot top and dice soon ( do n't forget , cook fans , mr. top and mr. clay were once as popular as your boy here ) 
software neg 729.txt i have been using norton anti-virus since i purchased the compaq presario 4000. the reason i have stuck with norton because this presario came with norton internet security 2002 attached to it . i never used the nis 2002 , though , but i purchased the norton anti-virus ( nav ) 2003 which i have bee using for the last three years . in fact i used the nav 2004 for two straight years without any response from symantec , then all of a sudden that subscription was eventually retired by symantec . i liked the nav 2005 ( which symantec six months prior to its due date subscription , which made me mad and hence my wanting to try nis at a subsidized rate ) because like nav 2003 , it could tell if someone or something was trying to intrude into your computer . it is after purchasing and trying nis 2005 , that i realized how low and base norton can go with its software . first when i tried nis 2005 , it blocked all my websites . i couldnt access them and i could not read my e-mail ( whenever i tried to read my e-mail , the response would be that , that action has been cancelled ) . so i reformatted my hard drive and the nis 2005 appeared to be working quite well until i tred to install adobe reader 7.08 and could n't allow me to proceed . moreover , it was snail slow in allowing me to read one mail to another . so i uninstalled nis 2005 and installed nav 2006 , which appears to be working well . i have now purchased tend micro pc-cillin 2006 as well as mcafee viruscan 2006 at subsidized rates , should symantec pematurely terminate my nav 2006 prematurely i.e. before the 366 days of subscription are over . i think one of the reasons why nis could not work is that it is a program that it is trying to do more than it can chew . it tried to be an anti-virus , personal firewall , privacy control , antispam as well as parental control in one . it reminds of the days when it was better to purchase a cassette player separate from the radio , since the technology at that time could not produce a good combined raio cassette player . i think norton internet security is in that mode . it is not yet competent to produce a combined solution that is both antivirus and anti spam , anti-spyware at the same time . hence the many complaints of its being a buggy program . at this stage , i would stay away from any program that calls itself " internet security . " i may try trend micro internet security which has received rave reviews from a couple of its users , but that will be if something goes wrong with my current nav 2006. otherwise , i am still wary of those programs that pass off as " internet security " such as " norton internet security " or " trend micro internet security , " pending their perfection of this technology at some future date 
dvd pos 508.txt i love dancehall queen ! i lost my first copy ( vhs ) so i replaced it with a new copy in dvd . i never get tired of watching this movie and i consider it a jamaican movie classic right up there with harder they come , rockers and smile orange . it is a nice twist on the traditional rags-to-riches story . although her character 's morals are somewhat questionable ( she practically " sells " her daughter to a high-paying local don ) , you ca n't help but root for the protagonist marcia 
software neg 143.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable 
music neg 789.txt i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed 
software neg 804.txt this is my first public review of any product . i generally dont have the time or motivation to go throught the process of posting a review . however , i have never had such a negative experience with a commercially available software package before . from beginning to end , the process of repeated attempts to install and then trying to remove nis2007 was time-consuming , frustrating , and crippled my computer . first the operating environment details . i 'm running xp-pro sp2 on a 2.6ghz pentium with 1gb of ram . upon the de-installation of the existing nis 2006 and spyware doctor applications , i proceeded with the installation of nis 2007. the installation appeared to go cleanly , but upon attempting to restart , my computer hung on shutting down , and upon attempting to come up , i got a blank desktop with no task bar , start menu , or desktop icons . later , as i was working with symantec support and was able to get a desktop back , i also experienced things as not being able to bring up the control panel or click on the ' my computer ' icon . of course , i had no internet access during the whole ordeal . since i couldnt find any phone number contact in the ridiculously minimal instruction manual that came with the package , i called my local isp to find out what they knew about the affects of using nis 2007. through them i got a phone number for symantec support . as a side note , the manual points out ways to get support if you have access to the internet and email , but gives no direction if you dont have access to those . over the course of the next 4 days of working through my issues with nis 2007 , my experience with symantec support left me with the impression that they were mostly incompetent and quite innefective . i give symantec credit for having 24 / 7 phone support , and i did work with one knowledgable support person there named jay , but most of the experience was frustrating and time-consuming . the help desk is located in india , and the first problem is that they couldnt hear me though i was speaking loudly . the next problem is that i had to answer the same questions repeatedly as if the person didnt understand my answers . on a number of ocassions , i felt the person on the other end was just going through a script , and wasnt listening to what i was saying or reading my growing case notes . i got passed around a lot to different people and spent a lot of time on hold . they kept trying to get me off the phone even though we hadnt worked through the problem completely . in one instance , the helpdesk person was trying to tell me that things were all fixed even when i had told her there was an activation error during the re-install we were working on . having worked with tech support and edited registries , and tinkered with start-up configurations and various services settings , i could never get nis 2007 to install ( tried four times ) . trying to un-install the package turned out to be almost as difficult and troublesome . uninstalling has left me with problems with my computer i have yet to work out . i still cant use my scanner because it complains about a symantec dll issue . i have no idea why that would be . anyway , i would rate this product less than zero if i could . there was nothing that went right , and a lot that went wrong . i cant believe symantec could put out such a pathetic piece of software with such inffective support . i 'm returning nis 2007 and trying my luck with zone alarm . 
camera pos 726.txt combine the high iso , low noise and fast shutter speed for great blur free shots on low light and moving subjects . this is what only fuji can offer to you on compact camera class . the f31fd does n't have is ( image stabilized lenses or a ccd shift sensor ) , which other cameras use to reduce the effect of blur from camera shaking . but this kind of stabilization is really only useful for 6x or more zoom , for just 3x typical zoom on ultra compact p&s you just need to hold it firmly and will get the same results . is also ca n't prevent blur from moving subjects . with a high iso like on f31fd you can use faster shutter speeds that will freeze subjects and prevent blur from camera shaking too . fuji super ccd sensor provides the lowest noise on high iso you will find on 2007 's compact cameras , the quality is only comparable to the big dslr professional cameras . ah , and the face detection is not just a gimmick or marketing appeal.. . it 's really great , specially if someone who does n't know how to focus on the face then recompose the scene is taking pictures of you , with f31fd they will not miss the shot 
dvd pos 341.txt flashdance with jennifer beals is such a 80 's icon movie and not only that but it has a amazing soundtrack to follow... . alex played by jennifer is a trying to start a career as a dancer , but has no experience from any dance school . so she wants to impress a bunch of dance people to let her in their school... . the movie has great scencic views and has great songs from a amazing soundtrack... . jennifer lopez 's song " i 'm glad " has a flashdance theme so if you ever get the chance check out that video... . if you love your 80 movies then rent this one tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
health neg 814.txt this product does not work if you have soft blonde hair . my hair is not coarse and this razor just glided right over top with out cutting a thing . it 's comfortable to hold and seems like it is made well , but it is definatly not for those of us with soft hair . 
health neg 168.txt these glasses were a bit of a disappointment . the convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . and actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . great idea but maybe some " fine tuning " would help...like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck . 
health pos 811.txt i have several of these glasses now . love them . they are strong and adjustable and so much better then wearing the granny cord around your neck . i wish there was a berrer looking sunglass besides that goggle looking one . good price and good product . 
dvd neg 37.txt this movie is a disaster . there is not one single memorable performance by the cast of " stars " . if you want to see a little boy happily running to school , get hit by a car , walk home injured and die , have at it . there is a reason that this movie is deeply discounted by amazon . criterion is probably losing money on this release and they desire it . they should be is ashame 
dvd pos 595.txt alfred hitchcock 's second film after being brought to america by david o . selznick was suspicion , which he made while on loan to rko pictures . as in his first hollywood flick , rebecca , he put joan fontaine to very good use and ultimately these two films made her into a star . fontaine won the best actress academy award for her portrayal of lina mclaidlaw , a bookish and innocent ( but wealthy ) young woman who gets swept off her feet by the caddish johnnie aysgarth ( cary grant ) . after their quick courtship and marriage against her father 's wishes , lina begins to see johnnie for who he really is- -a penniless leech- -but she naively continues to love him nonetheless . johnnie 's charm is ostensible , yet his irresponsible ways are increasingly becoming inexcusable . lina 's trust eventually gives way to suspicion when she begins to believe that he might go to any length to pay off his mounting debts . hitchcock masterfully builds suspense in this movie and manages to maintain it for the duration of the picture . the movie 's only flaw is its tacked-on and seemingly contrived final scene which , we are told , was due either to mr. grant 's popularity during these years or to the existence of the production code in effect in hollywood at that time . hitchcock wanted a darker ending but , as we see here , he lost that battle . however , he did not give in as completely as some would have us believe . the ending remains ambiguous enough to allow us to project either a happy or a sinister conclusion according to our own sensibilities . suspicion is classic hitchcock . grant and fontaine turn in masterful performances and nigel bruce is irresistible as the dimwitted and loveable " beaky , " johnnie 's old chum . the flawed ending prevents placing suspicion at the top of any list of hitchcock 's achievements , but it is a fine film nevertheless and i can only give it my highest recommendation . jeremy w . forstad 
camera neg 24.txt description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger 
dvd pos 330.txt ...but the movie was pretty good . i found myself highly disappointed in the book , and almost was n't able to finish it . the characters were flat , the story reading like a history lesson in religion through the ages , and not a true story , so i was n't sure what to make of the movie . i was pleasantly surprised though , to enjoy the movie immensely . it was long , but it kept the pace going throughout . the subtitling in the latin and french was a bit mundane to drudge through , but it made the movie a bit more ' believable ' than everyone speaking english when the main character is actually french . teabing was played brilliantly , and while hanks was not who i would have thought for langdon , he did a superb job in the role . if you can set your personal beliefs aside and view the movie as a piece of exceptional fiction drama and suspense , it is well worth watching . murder , mystery , suspense , action , drama.. . it 's all there in this film 
books pos 187.txt i chanced upon this book quite by accident.i am a big fan of books which inspire.this may not be a book which is high on the literary quotient , the writing does get rambling and long winded quite a number of times.but whats truly awe inspiring is its straight up from the heart.its quite amazing that someone can go through so many emotions in a lifetime and actually make peace with all thats happened in a lifetime . this book will give you plenty to think about long after you are done with it 
health neg 917.txt i bought this heating pad about a month ago and it did not get near as hot as i would like ! it is so hard to find a good heating pad now , but i would not reccomend this one 
books pos 136.txt this book is beautifully constructed , concise , gracefully written , and should be of immense help to most golfers . if you 've read ernest jones , percy boomer , or jimmy ballard ( for example ) and enjoyed the insights but found it difficult to transfer the written word to your swing , try " the keys ... " : you will read a book that may finally lead you to improve your game . my swing improved markedly after i came to understand author mcteigue 's " lighthouse turn " ( lesson two : momentum ) . 
dvd neg 472.txt this film starts with an event based on a true crime . a talk radio show host in denver was killed by an american nazi . ( this event inspired the " talk radio " play and film . ) this film continues with scenes from a small town in a farming region . no mention of their economic status ; are they losing dollars and population , small businesses , etc. instead we see a small group of white racists who abduct a black man to hunt and kill him ! this seems too exaggerated to believe . federal agents are aware of this but do n't want to act yet . their agent is sent back to get more information . there are groups like that in some sparsely settled areas . the film does n't explain what created them . it shows how some politicians try to use them for votes and contributions . no real names , of course . the federal agent meets to report to her higher ups . then we see terrorists prepare to hold up a bank to raise money for their activities ( based on real events ) . most bank robberies are done by ordinary criminals who are not part of any group . ( the fbi put an end to organized gangs that robbed banks in the 1940s . ) this federal agency does n't interfere because they want more information on their aims ( and their leaders ) . more terrorism is planned : dynamiting a courthouse , attacking a power station , etc. the terrorist plots here would keep this small group busy 24 hours a day ! kathy finds a secret list of " friends " . this is quickly copied with a camera . the federal agents need to know who this group will target so they can arrest them . gary meets with the leader ( who arrives in a helicopter ! ) and shows documents that say kathy is a special investigator . is kathy being served up as a sacrifice ? gary and kathy travel to chicago , where an assassination is planned that will make gary the fall guy . ( another lee harvey oswald ? ) a second " lone gunman " shoots the politician in front of a building . gary fails to shoot , and wo n't ever try this again . costa-gavras gained world fame with his 1969 film " z " . a few years later his film about rebels in south america was popular . his later films have seemed mediocre . a better story might not have tried to cover so many details and plots as this film does ; better pacing could help . the threat from domestic terrorism still needs a good film ( e.g. , timothy mcveigh ) . those who gave this film a high rating must love the images more than the facts . a better film today would show the bad results from " nafta " and " free trade " in harming most americans economically . but hollywood would never allow a film about this " war on the middle class " . the word ` nafta ' in greek and arabic refers to ` petroleum' . nafta is a symbol for the policies designed for big oil . it is like george w . bush calling his policy " operation iraqi liberation " . 
music neg 147.txt ..and what 's the point ? all of these songs ( minus a few ) are on the anthology , along with countless others . the beastie boys did n't put this out , their record label did . it 's just way for corporate to make money . if you consider yourself a real beastie boys fan , that is you 're interested in all the other music they made that was n't put on radio , then do n't buy this . if you occasionally heard them on the radio and fight for your right is your favorite song , then go ahead . the beastie boys are much more than just their greatest hits . to fully appreciate them , you have to listen to an album all the way through . 
music neg 214.txt after hearing " i 'm n luv ( wit a stripper ) " i do n't know why anyone would want to buy and listen to this cd in its entirety . i 'm not going to type a bunch of long paragraphs about why this cd sucks . this cd is a waste and t-pain is illiterate . there ! i said it in one sentence . holllaaa 
dvd neg 841.txt no reviews for this video as the disk i have got has nothing recorded on it and it has a flat and rough gray inside surface with no silver surface of recorded movie and when inserted into the player a message of no disk is displayed . as the shipping cost is to be born by the buyer in case a dvd is defective and in my case the shipping cost is much more than the dvd as i have to ship in from india . so i can just throw it in the garbage bin and suggest you guys that kindly watch out for this disk . 
books pos 12.txt zig ziglar has done it again . as an author myself of sales books , i realize sales is about so much more than just having the ' gift of gab , ' and fast talking . it 's about asking the right questions and listening to the right answers . it 's about not just being a consultant to others , but being a consultant to yourself . it 's recognizing you are in the most honorable profession there is . zig 's theories exemplify this . 
software neg 718.txt this software suite promises to do everything on earth , but does n't tell us how . there is no useful help file . there are no tutorials or instructions on the website . and , nero 's support is a joke ( just try to get a message through ) . i do n't understand how a company that started out with the best burn program in the game has sunk to this 
software neg 493.txt i have spent the better part of 4 months dealing with these guys . they wo n't talk to you on the phone , do n't let you get support until you register your product with a serial # , which , if you lose and need to re-install , you ca n't get without a login and a serial #. that makes no sense . i 've had technical problems with true image home 9 and 10 , and just ca n't get them to resolve it . very unhappy with these guys . the product looks good , but if you have a glitch , prepare to wait a week or more for tech support to respond by email . check out their web site and try some numbers - you 'll find there 's no way to talk to anyone unless you want to buy something . this is not one experience with them . it 's feb 07 now , and this charade began last august ! buyer beware 
books neg 272.txt as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration . 
dvd neg 573.txt this is the first and only dvds i will buy from this company . this could be possibly the worst instructional videos that you could buy . i learned absolutely nothing , and the women were disgusting . trust me do not buy this dvd if your life depends on it . 
camera neg 504.txt this is the worst camera i have ever owned in my life . i had a fuji 1.3 mega pixle camera that took better pictures than this one ! i have taken this camera on 2 vacations now , and both times i brought along my olympus slr film camera , and both times , the olympus pictures are clearer , brighter and all but maybe 1 will work , with this stupid sony cybershot , i end up deleting 3 / 4 of the pictures because they are blury or have all kinds of funny things happening , the only pictures that do work with this camera is during the day time , or in bright lighting . on the first vacation i went on with this camera , my friend brought along her kodak 1 megapixel camera she got free and it turned out better pictures , as did my olympus , on the second vacation i returned from today as i write this , i just downloaded my pictures , and deleted 2 / 3 's of them because they are so bad , the ones that came off my film camera are perfect ! my sister also has the exact same camera which she brought with her , and as i went through her pictures , same thing over 2 / 3 's of them did n't work , i would have just assumed i 'd gotten a defective camera if it was only my sony that did not work , however hers did n't either , i would also assume perhaps it was myself that was the problem , however , i took a number of the exact same picture on this sony as well as my olympus ( as a back up and thank god i did ) and the pictures from the olympus , as well as every other camera i have ever used , have come out fantastic , on this camera though , they come out horrible , so bad in fact that i 'm embarrassed to show people ! believe me , if i had n't gotten it free as a present i 'd be writing a nasty letter to sony , as it is though my next camera i 'm saving up for and buying from a brand that does nothing but photography equiptment , therefore knows what they 're doing . sony makes great tv 's and home entertainment systems , anything else i 've bought from them , or known someone who has , has been junk , their camera , their car stereos , their computers ! sony should stick to tv 's and home theater , it 's what they 're good at , camera 's not so much , unless you 're looking for something cheap that you 'd only use in the day , even then i 'd recommend a disposable , they even work better than this camera 
software pos 416.txt i 've been a photoshop user since version 3 and this upgrade is worth every penny . i upgraded from version 7 and cs2 is clearly a step up . upgrading was a no-brainer . the only negative is adobe bridge - i prefer the file browser that ps 7 had but i can live with it . the floating image windows is also a nice touch - you are no longer confined to the ps main window . all of my add-ons worked perfectly including fits liberator and the ptlens suite 
dvd neg 422.txt while not one of his best novels , tommyknockers was much better than this waste of time ! jimmy smits does his best , but the underwritten screenplay does him and this movie about dead aliens and the thought control they have over a small new england town is just not worth the trouble ! ! skip it ! ! ! ! 
books pos 536.txt in this book you get 35 projects / designs marked with skill levels needed for each project . the projects are mostly made with wire , but pearls are also used , in most of the projects . i would say that this is a book for you who has made jewelry before and are familiar to wirework . if so it is a wonderful book ! this book offer lots and lots of inspirasjon and expertise 
camera neg 714.txt i purchased this digital picture frame after doing my homework , and reading all the reviews i could on the different kinds . the one i purchased was flawed , and would take 5 or 6 tries of inserting the memory card before i could get it to boot up . when it was running i was very disappointed with the quality of the pictures . what the description of this product does not tell you is - the frame does not come with a usb cable - so it does not hook up to a computer . this means that you must either have all the pics you want to display already on a memory card from your camera , or that you must have / purchase a card reader to download the pics from your computer to your camera card . ( a side note - if you have a sony digital camera , memory sticks do not allow you to back any pics onto them from your computer that were not taken in their format - so forget about using pics someone else sent , you took with another camera , or you reformatted with a photo program ) . i went with the digital pic frame from brookstone instead - far better quality , and much more user friendly 
dvd pos 33.txt ****this comment may contain spoilers ! *** anyone who saw this growing up has a soft spot in their hearts for it ; i 've encountered enough people over the course of my 37 yrs who perk up at the mention of it to be aware of its place in a lot of our memories . this has been satirized on the simpsons , which proves it has embedded itself in the national pop culture consciousness . anyone who has read the book its based on , the incredible " i am legend " by richard matheson , knows that this film has very little in common with it beyond its intial premise- -and even that is not followed too closely . all of the criticisms of the omega man are valid : it is very dated and not at all scary or intense and some of the stunts and special effects are laughably , ludicrously cheesy ; the villains- -who should have been more terrifying than even romero 's zombies- -are just crazed albino hippie luddites and the last half of the film , once chuck hooks up with rosalind cash and the kiddies , is really a let down . but the scenes that open the film of heston hefting a cool-looking machine gun while decked out in austin powers-style finery ( ! ) staring in angst at an old calendar or losing his mind for a moment hallucinating the sound of telephones ringing in the deserted city still pack a punch . this was the second movie , after 1959 's the world , the flesh , and the devil , to successfully pull off the eerie effect of being the last living human being in a huge empty city . both films established the visual motif of streets filled with blowing waves of newspapers and swirling trash.after years of seeing this on tv - - a guaranteed late september or early october event every year for a few years on the local tv station during my pacific northwest childhood in the old dark ages before cable tv and the videocassette revolution , its nice to see this movie on dvd with a beautiful widescreen transfer . it looks and sounds great . as a child i always liked the music , particularly the " surprise party " theme that plays when the villains make thir first appearance . it rocks here in all its xylophone and funky electric organ and horns glory 
books pos 159.txt this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process . it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work . if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004. do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it 
software pos 463.txt i purchased this bible study set to use with my palm lifedrive . it works perfectly on this device . truly , it is exactly what i wanted . it should be noted that the niv bible - and the other translations in the set - obscure god 's name ( yhwh ) . this makes it easy for mainstream nominal christians to attribute jesus as being the almighty god - instead of being simply the only begotten son of the almighty god . but the translations are otherwise rather good - and the tools offered in this software set make it well worth the money . after all , god is a judge of hearts and intentions rather than the technical errors of man trying to understand him . jesus preached love of even our enemies rather than legalistic jargon . it would have been great if the set included an interlinear ( word for word translation ) of both old and new testaments . that would have been a very great addition ; but it would have doubled the cost . if such becomes available i will gladly pay the price 
music pos 396.txt i am not jewish , but you do n't have to be to enjoy these songs . this album happens to be one of my favourites of the putumayo releases . a couple of the songs were instantly familiar to me even though i thought i knew none of the songs when i bought this album . each and every song on here is wonderful...some are traditional folk songs while others are newer compositions . the 23 page booklet includes a 3 page history of jewish music , and each artist has a page about them , including a photograph . i highly recommend this album to just about everyone . my husband is arabic and he too loves these songs . music truly is borderless 
dvd neg 551.txt i bought basically , because i love denisee richards and daryl hanna , plus i like also valerie tasso , besides i am a fan of pierre woodman , they all appear on the film , among some well know adult stars like dora venter , rita faltoyano . but really the film is not good at all , it is slow , the elements do n't match . it is sometimes hard to follow . it is really not worth buying it 
music pos 816.txt with all the ' neuvo flamenco ' and its accompaning popularity . it is nice ( and a relief ) i might add , to hear the flamenco guitar in its purist form . not only does this cd contain sabicas and nino ricardo . it also contains four very rare perfomances by manolo de huelva . which are difficult to find anywhere . also included are melchor de marchena performing six pieces . this is truly pure flamenco at its best 
health pos 454.txt these glasses are a great idea . however , they do not work with long hair . the back " strap " of the glasses has to ride high up on the back of the head for the lenses to rest low on the nose ( so you can see over them for distance ) . long hair lays on the back of the glasses and pushes them down in the back , making the front of the glasses pop up and placing the lenses right in front of the eyes . i guess most people who need reading glasses do n't have long hair 
health neg 608.txt do not buy this ! ! ! it does not work " as seen on t.v. " we were able to get it to cut a cucumber and that was it . would not cut a tomato , onion , carrot , apple only a cucumber . complete waste of money 
music neg 665.txt as a huge counting crows fan , i thought it was kinda cool when i came across a tribute album to them...right up until the time that i listened to the cd . it is nearly impossible to get through . the best way i can try to explain it is to call it bad karaoke . i rated it one star because there 's no " 0 star " option . if you have any intentions of buying this cd , find a website where you can preview it first , and thank me later 
health neg 112.txt i paid $45 for this aesthetically pleasing scale . sure it looks nice , but if it does n't do its job , it 's not much of an accessory for the bathroom . it took me a while to figure out how the scale works . there are a lot of beeps involved . essentially , to program your info , you start by pressing the mode button , adjust your height , press mode , adjust your age , press mode , select your gender , press mode , select between normal and athlete , press mode and you will hear a beep to confirm . then to store , press either the up button for memory #s 1 , 3 and 5 or the down button for #s 2 , 4 and 6 , press mode and there will be another beep to confirm . still with me ? if you just want your weight , you just step on the scale , but if you want to get your body fat and water % , you must press the up or down button to find your memory # , then press mode and wait for the beep before you step on the scale . now i do n't know about you , but this procedure is a lot more cumbersome than any other scale i owned . so fine , i 've now figured out how to work the thing . getting even somewhat accurate results are another thing . when i stepped on the scale , i would sometimes be surprised by the weight . i did n't think i could gain 7 pounds in one day ( i eat very healthy and my weight range is usually between 3-4 pounds ) . but if you step on the scale again , like some other digital scales , it seems to remember your last weight and wo n't give you your real weight . so i have to put some other object on it to get a reading and then the scale resets . i step on the scale again and my weight is now 6 pounds less than the original reading ! the body water % did n't fluctuate too much and the body fat % was 3% higher than the reading on the last scale i owned ( conair thinner brand ) . all in all , i am returning this scale and going back to the drawing board in finding something that is even the least bit accurate . 
dvd pos 120.txt ...but buyers should be forwarned that the print from which this dvd is made was a poor one , and alpha video , the distributors of this classic capra movie , made no attempt to clean it up . here we have an example of a key artwork about america 's psychological and political framework during emergence from the economic depression of the 1930s , crying out for careful restration to the condition it so deserves 
health neg 627.txt perhaps these other people had bought the product before they lowered the quality . my experience with this product is that it does not cut hardly at all . i threw the item in the trash and bought a conair at kmart which surprisly worked about 20 times better . my recommendation is do not buy 
software pos 47.txt absolutely the easiest upgrade of a microsoft os that i 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , i 've done a lot in the past . it 's one sweet os 
camera neg 69.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
software pos 671.txt i became interested in this after trying a more advanced program for my business . after weeding through too many option that did n't apply , i knew i just needed somthing simple- - a good way to monitor money in , money out . this program is simple and easy to adjust if you make a mistake . i highly recommend it , as it is exactly as described 
camera neg 457.txt it 's unfortunate that with a name like canon , you expect a quality camera . that 's why you shell out the money for an item that you think canon will stand behind . unfortunately , this is not the case . i bought this camera to use in graduate school ( industrial design ) . i needed it to do research for my thesis . i figured between that , all the product photographs , and the need good portfolio pieces , spending the 500.00 on an 8mp camera would be well worth the investment . i was wrong . about a month after i bought the camera , it started to malfunction . the lens got stuck and would not come out . neither would it go all the way back in , so the lens cover would not close ( not only putting the lens in danger , but draining the battery as well . ) it was still under warranty , so i sent it to the canon service center in elk grove village , illinois . it was received , and i was informed that my camera would be returned in 7-10 business days . that was almost a month and a half ago . i have put my thesis research on hold because i do not have the proper camera for it . every time i call the service center , i am told that the " parts are on back order " . evidently they do n't know when these shipments are due in their center , so they do n't know when i will have my camera back . the best part is , when i called two weeks ago , they offered me a " brand new " s215. the told me it was a great deal and that i should accept the offer because " they never do that " ( meaning they never offer a new camera for one in repair . ) i pointed out that the s215 was only 5mp , had a smaller screen , and cost nearly 300.00 less than my camera . i also reminded her that my camera was brand new when it broke and i had to send it in . today i was told that there was no information on my camera , the backordered parts , or when they could send my camera back . the woman on the phone asked me why i did n't accept the s215 that was offered , and when i explained and asked for a camera the same model as mine , she said they were not authorized to do that . i told her that i was going to spend the time originally set aside for my thesis research to write letters to both the service center and canon corporate headquarters , and she suddenly had a technician she could consult , and my camera would be back to me by the end of the week . i wo n't hold my breath , but a copy of this review will be sent to canon . 
books neg 853.txt unfortunately , this book is the sign of what passes for humour these days . even though it may have been remotely funny ( sometimes the author comes close to being bearable ) , the book never actually tries to be . humour is supposed to be smart . however , this book gives us the worst case of dumb 
dvd neg 794.txt abraham lincoln 's law partner once wanted to read some maudlin poetry to abe . once he was done , lincoln said " the people who like this sort of thing will find it the sort of thing they like . " beaches is fine . it is obviously a chick flick . bette midler has some real opportunities to sing . the acting is good . the problem is that the plot is so predictable 
camera neg 754.txt the roll of paper that i recieved had what appeares to be 3 roller marks down the paper . i am trying to get it replaced but adorama is not willing to help out because the order is more then 14 days old . i was not informed to inspect the product on arrival to insure a 14 day turn aroundf on issues . 
health neg 956.txt horrible just like tend skin . try princereigns or min they actually work and dont burn your face off like tend skin or magic shav 
software pos 50.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars 
books pos 494.txt i 'm sure most people will come to fitzgerald through her novels , so i have to excuse myself as a first time reader who just happened to pick up these short stories . i still have n't decided if i enjoyed the collection , but they are unique . i thought the first story was by far the best , but after that , the quality varied widely . unlike a classic short story writer ( someone like guy de mauppassant ) , these stories have no resolution for the most part . in fact , they leave you with that feeling of listening to music and waiting to shift back into the major key . discordant is the word i 'm looking for . the settings take the reader all over the globe and across three different centuries . i suspect most would enjoy her novels more ( i am certainly heading in that direction to read them next ) , but i ca n't say since i have n't read them myself . overall , i found this collection a bit unsettling , but still well written . i 'm sure her fans will enjoy them more than i did on this first encounter 
software neg 582.txt the game disk does not run on my laptop . but it will play it on my desktop computer . very annoying , but at least i can play ( other reviewers have not been so lucky ) . the game has some good questions and i enjoy testing my friends knowledge . the game itself is rather simple and not totally fun . the " game board " is the outside of the friends ' apartment building . when you get a question right a window lights up . when you get one wrong a window dims . if you do n't answer the question nothing happens . you win when all the windows on that floor are lit up . i would prefer that they make you answer all questions - none of this passing on a question - it would up the ante and perhaps add some excitement . if you play a multi-player game you cannot select which letter is your buzzer and the letters assigned by the game designers are adjacent keys on the keyboard ! it 's silly for the two players to be huddled together , hovering over the same part of the keyboard when the designers could have selected other letter keys set further apart . there are some video clips and still images accompanying the questions , but it 's mostly a trivia game without visual aids or embellishments . think trivial pursuit with a computer screen as the cards . this game was a gift . if i had to do it over again i 'd probably spend my money instead on scene it ! friends edition . as of right now , scene it ! friends edition is on sale at circuit city for the same price as this game is on amazon . ( and though i have n't played it , the reviews of that game are much better than this one ) . 
health neg 995.txt i bought this scale as an upgrade from a wal mart cheapo scale . hated it ! ! i should have read the dimensions more carefully , but it was so large that it became the focal point of our bathroom . worse still , it never displayed the same weight twice in a row even when second weight was taken immediately after the first . had to reset it to zero and then the same drill happened again . returned the item , but ate the $11 return ship fee - it 's huge and heavy 
camera pos 799.txt i love this battery charger ! i used to use store bought aa batteries for my olympus digital camera , but after keeping the batteries in the camera for only a week , the batteries were drained of power . for some reason , this twin battery pack can stay charged for a few months if i am just storing my camera . highly recommended 
software pos 904.txt my four-year-old son loved the first fritz and chesster so much i just had to get the second . i would have gotten the third installment as well , but it appears to require a dvd-rom and more up-to-date software than he has on his computer ( i suggest you always review those details before buying ) . like the first , this second installment has the same quirky and artistic sensibility and lots of amusing details that keep me as interested in it as he is . the first one seemed a lot more " british " than this one . just one example : in the first installment , the pawns are often depicted as english villagers with low-brow accents . in this installment they are more often texas ranchers.. . there were also numerous britishisms in the first installment that were tough to understand for a child . this one is thankfully free of them . i suppose the american audience proved more lucrative than the original designers had expected... . i think the suggested age is more 6-or-above ( they really should be able to read , i suppose ) , but with a little help even a younger child ( such as my son ) can get into most of the exercises and spend time with it . there are several more advanced features in this one than in the first installment . here the focus is on basic tactics , openings , and endgame situations . so a child should really have made it through the first one before getting this . he absolutely has to know all the rules , for instance - - the second installment is not going to teach them . the first also has some wonderful exercises with just pawns or kings on the board , for instance , that have much to teach . and some fun games like a maze with a monster chasing you ( to teach the rook moves ) or a cannon that fires diagonally ( to teach the bishop ) . some of the games here ( which resemble early video games , like space invaders ) are a little too advanced for a four-year-old 's manual dexterity....perhaps for a six-year-old 's as well . but there are many things he can get into nonetheless , especially if you take the time to explain things and get them started . overall , i 'd say that if you want to give a child an introduction to the game , nothing beats the first fritz and chesster . other chess teaching video games are much darker and less helpful , really , for beginners . and if he or she likes the first installment ( which is also very girl-friendly ) , then by all means advance to the second - - especially for kids over 6 
software pos 448.txt i just bought this thru best buy - could have got a better deal thru amazon - oh well . this product is amazing and very user friendly . i really love the fact that it comes with its very own manual not a help guide you can print out yourself wasting all your paper . it does everything - the props are very realistic , the shapes & edges so cool . i have filled in very dark pictures using the watercolor feauture and made poor pictures look like works of art . not to mention that i can create my own photomontages , collages , & very unique artistic scrapbook pages . it took me an hour to scrapbook an amazing page including fixing up photos . i will never spend money on scrapbook pages again ! so much fun ! ! 
books pos 557.txt i am an author and journalist and i have to say this is the best novel i have ever read . true to the word " haunting . 
books neg 382.txt communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history , responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people . this book ( which started it all ) holds at least much of the blame . communists were and still are a threat to the free world , and communism is a slave system . some " intellectuals " actually support the tired mantras of marx 's philosophy , whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who have n't seen enough sunlight , i do n't know . in any case , if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property , and is totalitarian and slave-driving ( the government owns everything , including you ) . and the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up . pol pot , mao , stalin ( of course ) , etc etc...who are these people kidding 
dvd pos 208.txt sigourney weaver is even better in this smash hit sequel to alien.fifty-seven years after her last escapade , ripley is found by a deep salvage team and taken back to earth.met with skepticism and ridicule when she tells of her encounter with the creature , she recievs information that colonists on lv-426 , the planet they landed on in the first film , have been missing.so , she and a group of high-tech marines go in to investigate.unfortunatly , the marines weapons are no match for the might of the thousands of aliens roaming the planet.ripley finds a renegade 7 year old named newt hiding in the sewers , and takes her under her arm.it all leads up to ripley 's showdown with the queen , and possibly her last.this is the best in the series 
music pos 453.txt a true musical theater classic . wonderful melodies that will last for years to come . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals 
software neg 757.txt i have this program on a 30-day demo . it might be ok if i did n't mind my computer becoming almost unusable . i tried to run the system virus scan , as recommended , but after 3 hours it was only 2% done because it was stuck on a file it could n't seem to get past . i skipped the file , but then it quickly got stuck again . the " time remaining " said it would take 4 days to complete , so i cancelled that scan . it has a learning mode that initally blocks everything . apparently , this program has no brain . for example , i have the live search toolbar installed in outlook . it had to ask me if it was ok to run that dll file . in fact , each program that called up a process from a shared dll has to ask permission before it could run . do n't even get me started on the quickbooks and internet explorer problems . which is what it would n't let those programs do , even after they had been run and i repeated clicked " allow " over and over . twice today it got so slow running ie that it finally crashed the computer so bad that i had to do a hard re-boot . if you have it checking ports on your computer , almost nothing would run or download on ie . so , i 'm going to demo a few more , but it 's probably back to windows live onecare , which i had the past year . it just does n't seem to do much ( no long list of features ) , but it also does n't jam everthing else up 
music pos 304.txt please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard 
health pos 629.txt when my baby was a newborn we left our closet light on all night at first so we could check on him . it was also a jarring necessity to turn on the overhead light for diaper changes and feedings . then i bought one of these lights and was impressed at the perfect amount of light it gives out . just enough to see your baby by , but not enough to keep everyone awake . it 's been almost a year now , and i 'm just about to purchase two more . we use the light now in our toddler 's room and turning it on is now part of our bedtime routine . we use it every night 
music pos 193.txt after watching the movie walk the line , i wanted to hear more of johnny cash . all these years ( 35 of them ) i always thought he was just a slow folk singer . his music is non-stop foot tapping soul grabbing stuff . he toured with elvis presely and jerry lee lewis . he inspired musicians like bob dylan . i am so glad i bought this cd . it 's the best purchase i made all year . 
music pos 80.txt dave alvin 's sublime new cd is a cadre of songs written by californians either born and / or who grew up in this land . the lyrics talk about what it means to live and love in the land of dreams and broken promises . it is also a look at the story of the frontier in this large western state . dave alvin has a voice that is deep and smooth and like a friend of his said " infiltrates your brain like a shot of jack daniels . " dave alvin says " we started with a list of 25 songs , from steve gillette to captain beefheart and everything in between . i was even thinking of doing ' going back to cali ' as a blues thing . in the end , though , it was n't about choosing my favorite songs so much as choosing songs that i could sing well enough and arrange differently enough to make them interesting . " he has picked these songs carefully and each of them fit his style and voice well . of them all , and i like each and every one , my two favorite interpretations are " here in california " and " surfer girl " " california bloodlines " is a sentimental rendition of john stewart 's fine work , which finds peace in knowing " there 's california bloodlines in my heart / there 's a california woman in my song ... and a california heartbeat in my soul . " " redneck friend " the jackson brown less well known song was just right for dave alvin 's style . " kern river " is a song merle haggard wrote after losing his best friend , and it is a melancholy rendition . " blind love " from tom waits is sung in a bluesy style with some doo wops thrown in to give it style . " here in california " one of my favorites is sung with christy mcwilson . he felt this song needed a woman 's perspective . " i 'm bewildered " is an old richard berry , the great guitarist 's tune . backed up by the calvenes . " sonora 's death row " written by blackie ferrell is a fable that examines the price of acting out of greed and anger and ends up a as gun fighter 's tale . " down on the riverbed " is an old los lobos song that is sung in dave alvin 's old blues style . " between the cracks " a song written by dave alvin and tom russell is a heartbreaking tale of young boy told by a loving woman , with a rollicking tune . this is the only dave alvin orignal song in this cd . " do n't look now " a song sung by john fogerty is an old creedence clearwater revival . bluesy and fun to make it dave's . " tramps and hawkers " by jim ringer is a delicate country waltz , come dance with me , bk . lyrics are wonderful . " loser " by jerry garcia and robert hunter , is darker with more infused blues than garcia 's version . it could n't sound less like a deadhead song . dave alvin put in a psychedelic section that is a tribute to the san francisco sound " surfer girl " brian wilson 's first song is done with doo-wops and again the calvanes did background . this is my favorite of dave alvin 's interpretations , and he sings this surfin'song with some tongue in cheek . dave alvin gives voices of california to this cd . voices from the california coastline and the surf music it inspired to the " brown earth of the state " to the frontier life and the lives won and lost . dave alvin had made his mark on this state , and the writers who loved their lives by writing and singing about the state they love . play it often and pay attention to the subtle influence of this cd . " california dreamin ' ? " highly recommended . prisrob 6-04-06 
camera pos 142.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
dvd pos 876.txt made in 1959 , douglas sirk 's imitation of life is still just as evocative and as gorgeous to look today as it was almost 50 years ago . it 's a real cinematic treat , shameless tearjerker , and an unabashed melodrama that dares to confront head-on issues of racism and the problems of motherhood at the stage when one 's teenagers - in this case daughters- -are growing up and preparing to enter the world . lana turner has never looked more ravishing as lora meredith , a young new york widow who will do anything to realize her dreams of broadway stardom . together with her young daughter susie , they live in a squalid apartment eking out a hand-to-mouth existence , their futures fuelled by unfulfilled dreams . one day at coney island , lora and susie meet another a white girl sarah jane , who is being taken care of by a black woman , annie johnson ( juanita moore ) , whom lora mistakes for the maid . when told by her that she 's the mother , the surprised lora falters but then accepts it without a question as if it were a natural thing that a black woman has a white child . the angelic and virtuous annie asks lora if she can come and help out around the apartment . lora is initially hesitant - not because of annie 's race but because she 's struggling and does n't have any money to pay her a wage . eventually , however , she relents and tells annie that her and her daughter can stay for one night . at the same time , lora meets the extremely fine-looking wannabe photographer , steve archer ( john gavin ) . steve takes an instant liking to lora and offers to marry her . but lora is far too concerned with realizing her acting dreams to be stifled by a man and by marriage . meanwhile , the saintly annie is troubled that her daughter is ashamed of being black and tries to pass herself off in school as white . imitation of life follows these characters throughout their lives , with sirk piling on the sentiment and melodrama every chance he can get . lora does indeed become a famous broadway actress , yet neglects her growing daughter in the process . steve goes on to become a president of a large photographic organization , but has trouble relating to lora 's need to be independent and famous . annie 's heart is eventually broken , gradually worn down by years of emotional abuse from her daughter . sara jane is so angry at being labeled as black that she repudiates her mother and ultimately runs away . annie always stays the subservient and loyal maid ; whilst her best friend and employer goes on to bask in a lush and international success . the contrast of the mother 's compensations from their conflicting daughters is the story 's ultimate paradox . lora , annie , steve and the two girls seem to be victims of each other . they all want to follow their own dreams and forge their own paths in life even when it does n't seem to be doing them much good . they are also surprisingly oblivious of how manipulated they are by the world around them . lora gets her career but she 's unlucky in love and terminally insecure as a mother , whilst sara jane - perhaps the most damaged character - achieves her ambition to pass herself off as a white girl , but at great personal cost to both her and her aging mother . under douglas sirk 's accomplished direction , miss turner et al acts ornately and elaborately , everything is over emphasized to within an inch of its life , especially lana 's gorgeous outfits , yet the film - clocking in at over two hours - is always compelling and is never boring . the screenplay is sophisticated , the themes are brave and tempting and the look of the film - the brilliant surfaces , audacious colors , and the spatial complexities of 50s moderne architecture - bring to the forefront a bittersweet world of fantasy , entrapment , and emotional anxiety , and where the price of following one 's dreams eventually comes at a harsh and desultory cost . mike leonard june 06. 
dvd pos 270.txt from a serious u2 fan 's perspective , the best thing about this dvd is simply the selection of songs . the bonus material is cool , the sound quality 's great , the visuals are always impressive , but it 's the songs that are the real attraction . as it should be . two scorching rockers from their criminally ignored debut album boy , four in a row from the all-time masterpiece achtung baby , and nearly everything from their grammy-sweeping triumph how to dismantle an atomic bomb . i also love that they chose to not play anything from their string of disappointing nineties albums . good call ! also , many familiar songs are given exciting new treatments , such as running to stand still ( a perfect hybrid of the joshua tree and zoo tv versions ) , elevation ( longer , better build-up ) , bullet the blue sky ( check out edge 's extended blues jam in the final minutes ) , and original of the species ( acoustic piano ballad ) . this was the first major u2 tour in which they routinely and substantially altered the set list . for instance , when i saw them they played miss sarajevo , stuck in a moment , gloria , i still have n't found what i 'm looking for , instant karma , until the end of the world , and others not represented here . here 's hoping they release at least one more vertigo tour dvd.. . 
software pos 277.txt impressed with the way it clears out viruses , spyware , and trojans- --i can look at what it 's doing or just let it do it . that all goes well . what i do n't like is it requires a password for everything even my usual automatic sign-me-in sites and i ca n't figure how to change this . so the instructions are not as specific as would be helpful 
software neg 361.txt i ca n't for the life of me understand why rosetta stone has garnered such good reviews ( although i see a few negative ones here , so i feel validated ) and seems to have such an outstanding reputation . i find it practically worthless , and it 's expensive to boot . i 'm sure that my experience with the german program would apply to rosetta stone 's other languages as well , as they all taught via the same method . i 've been learning german for about 6 months and besides rosetta stone i have used pimsleur , rocket languages , and have taken private instruction . obviously , private instruction is best . but this review is about software , and pimsleur is best . but rosetta stone has more bells & whistles , which is perhaps why people think it is so good . but it isn't . for example , nowhere in rosetta stone do you actually learn how to say useful things . nowhere do you learn how to say " hello , " " how are you , " what 's your name , " or even " where 's the bathroom . " instead , you will learn how to recognize such useful phrases as " the woman and the boy have a ball on their heads " or " the man is under the donkey " or " these two fish are from the same species " or " the blue triangle is bigger than the red square . " ridiculous ! ! and note i said " learn how to recognize a phrase . " this is the biggest weakness and disappointment with rosetta stone . it really does n't get you to talk at all . you are not required to utter a word . you see four pictures , and the speaker will say ( in german ) " the boy is drinking milk . " now , if you have already heard the word for " boy " ( junge ) and three of the pictures have no boys , you simply click on the picture with the boy and presto , you 're correct ! this multiple choice way of learning is not effective for learning a language ! ( there is a " practice speaking " mode , equally useless , which i mention below ) with pimsleur , which is an audio only program , you hear conversations that will impart essential words and phrases . and they are repeated ( and asks you to repeat ) in such a fashion that it sticks . for example , it was weeks ago that it introduced " how much do i owe you ? " yet i still remember it . ( wie viel shulde ich ihnen ? - -no , i did n't cheat and look it up ! ) pimsleur is brilliant in the way it gradually builds your knowledge and abilities . of course , it is n't perfect as it does n't explain the grammar . but neither does rosetta stone , and rosetta stone is worse because with pimsleur there is also an english speaker who explains some things , while with rosetta stone you are left to twist in the wind . that 's why software language learning programs should be seen as supplements- -supplements to classroom or private instruction . what are the bells & whistles on rosetta stone ? you get to do a lesson in a variety of ways- -seeing pictures with audio ( the speaker ) , or pictures with audio and text , or audio only , for example . there is also a feature where the speaker on the program says a phrase , and you repeat it into a microphone and can compare your voice signature to the speaker's . but i found that this did n't work well at all and was n't worth the trouble . and again , the phrases were n't useful 
books neg 211.txt i wanted to like this book.. . i enjoyed the first two in the series . but this one left me a bit dry.. . babylon rising : the europa conspiracy by tim lahaye and bob phillips . this continues the story of michael murphy , a college professor teaching biblical archaeology . he is now heading off to iraq to follow a tip on the location of " the handwriting on the wall " from the days of daniel . he 's falling in love with a colleague who is in the same area , and he fears for her safety as things start to get dicey in his life . talon and the mysterious seven are trying to eliminate him , and there are a few attempts on his life . mixed into this story is a terrorist attack on new york designed to throw america into an economic and national panic , as well as to prompt the un to move their headquarters to the ancient city of babylon . murphy , for someone who 's pretty much a small fish in the large ocean , finds himself in the middle of all this.. . as i said , i really wanted to like this book . the murphy character is likeable , and i enjoyed the action . but the plotline was spotty and over the top . murphy was using martial arts to take out everyone who attacked him ( highly unlikely ) . everything the terrorists tried to do was thwarted just in the nick of time ( over the top ) . the story attempted to be both a christian end times novel and a terrorist suspense novel , and they did n't do either one especially well . murphy 's growing infatuation with isis was rather repetitive with the " she 's so beautiful " and " could she be interested in me " interludes . and finally , none of the plotlines wrapped up . you got to the end and thought " so ? " fine if you 're ready to read the next installment , but not good if you started here or you have to wait some months for the next one.. . part of me wants to be nice , give the book the benefit of the doubt , and rate it a " 3 " . but the authors are better than this , and i 've come to expect more from someone who 's been doing this for a long time.. . if you 're committed to the series , you 'll want / have / need to read it , but just do n't come in with your expectations very high. . 
dvd pos 233.txt not a fan of graphic novels or cgi , i was fully prepared to dislike this movie , but found it to be so well written , cast and shot that i will no doubt buy it for my collection . it 's a dark movie , subversive really , but carries a strong message that tyranny will not long survive the will of the people , that one strong person with a will , determination and the cleverness to use the tools of the corrupt against them , can turn the tide . it 's a powerful message , and it 's beautifully displayed with imaginative imagery , symbolism and script . bravo 
health pos 542.txt i bought this to try it out based on a friend 's recommendation . previously i 'd always packed a couple old ratty towels with the dog 's stuff before heading to the lake or the beach . now i only need one towel and it dries like you 'd never believe . i have a 65 pound dog that loves the water . i make him shake the water off himself ( a trick as important as sit or lay down when you have a dog this big ) then i towel him dry in less than a minute . i now own 3 of these towels and have purchased them for just about anyone i know with a dog that gets wet . we live in seattle so not only are we surrounded by lakes other bodies of water , but we have rainy winters . having one of these towels hanging behind the door with the coats was a god send this winter as well . i ca n't speak enough praise about this towel . though a $30 pricetag for a meer towel could seem daunting , believe me when i tell you this is worth it . you 'll end up buying two 
software pos 44.txt ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software 
camera pos 832.txt i purchased an off brand to use with my fxf-10 when this case was on back order . it was terrrible , so i ordered this case and am thoroughly pleased . the camera fits perfectly into the case and , although it is described as a " soft case , " it is durable and will protect your camera with style without adding additional bulk 
health neg 201.txt this water jet has a button on the handle just like the waterpic . you push it to temporarily stop the flow of water . here 's a warning : it can take a lot of finger pressure to stop the flow of water especially if you have adjusted the dial for a hard flow . if you lack ordinary strength in your fingers stay away from this machine . i do n't have a finger strength problem yet several times i 've squirted water all over the bathroom because somehow i had n't pushed hard enough on the stop button . i had purchased a waterpik , but had trouble with it leaking , and so purchased this conair . the waterpik is a much better quality product . the conair seems to be very cheaply made , and i am not very happy with it . i am going back to using my waterpik even though it occasionally springs a leak . 
dvd neg 890.txt i actually saw this movie when it first came out , and was so blown away by robert downey jr 's performance ( he was just starting out on his illustrious , if self-destructive career ) that i did n't notice much else about the movie , certainly not jami gertz or andrew mccarthy who are as close to being ciphers as it 's possible to have on the big screen . ( the adults in the film are as cipheresque as the kids , so there is no real dramatic interest there - - we have only the kids , and their interactions with drugs , the party scene , and each other . ) seeing it again 25 years later , well ...downey 's performance still holds up , but the rest of the movie is less than zero ( sorry ) . the director is so absorbed with staging endless party scenes ( unintentionally hilarious in their excesses ) that he forgets to give the main characters anything interesting to do , and they never develop into anyone we care about . the final scene , with mccarthy and gertz sitting forlornly in a cemetery , has no emotional payoff whatever- - mccarthy says come with me to the east coast , gertz responds yes , i 'll go with you , and the viewer says , " thank god , that means the movie 's over . " finally , james spader does n't play a real character either , but as other reviewers have noted , he is interestingly slimy as the chief bad guy . glad to see he 's still getting work , in a fairly interesting role on " boston legal " . 
health neg 482.txt thought this would work , should have known better.a pen light would do the same thing.do not waste your money , or you will look as silly as me.i returned the piece of jun 
books pos 568.txt i 'm writing this before reading the whole book but its a collection of articles so the different chapters are discrete units under a common theme of the economies of the arab world with a good deal on the economies of their oil producing gcc members . reading this book more than twenty years after it was published is fascinating as so many of the issues and repercussions mentioned have either come true or held true and the state of the region has not improved considerably but even regressed in many cases . consider the following excerpt from the book that i found interesting : " the oil states today face tremendous challenges , as oil revenues start to decline . few expected that the decline would come so soon . everybody knew it would come , but it was expected later rather than sooner . " this is almost like seeing history repeat itself in real time . worth a look if you 're interested in the field 
books neg 246.txt i was quite surprised and disappointed with this book . it is not at all a horror story , not at all mysterious , really it was very boring . normally i enjoy koontz books . 
software pos 220.txt i have a question about this . i 'm wondering if i can hook my guitar into my computer and record it and then like add drums and loops an stuff onto it . is that possible on this program ? cause my friend has acid pro 4.0 and that is really awesome but it 's like $400 and i dont have that kinda money . wut i liked about acid pro 4.0 is that you could hook up ur guitar to the computer and stuff like that , so im wondering if you can do that on this program . if u have an answer for me , e-mail me at peepilott@aol.com . 
camera neg 677.txt this camcorder worked well , but i had two complaints with it . 1. on the sound track you can hear noise from the recording head moving back and forth , sounds like a woodpecker . this alone made it unacceptable or what i wanted to do . 2. i wanted high quality video , but since it records on a small dvd disk , the video is compressed before it is recorded on the disk . this causes some loss of detail in the picture , especially if you 're going to edit it and rerecord the video which i need to do . if you just want a camera to record a small dvd which you can then play in a dvd player ( and not all dvd players will play the small dvds ) this camera might be acceptable . i returned it and bought a panasonic pv-gs35minidv camcorder which uses the minidv cassette tape . much better video quality because its not compressd , and no noise from the tape drive 
music pos 508.txt tears for fears was not the average 80 's pop band , even if they looked like it on the surfice . they used synthsizers , drum machines with a meliodic and hook laden sound . but the music itself was often melancholy and they brought up serious issues like family values like few contemporary bands at the time had the guts to sing about . tears for fears got their name from arthur janov 's primal scream therapy and they band consisted of roland orzabal and curt smith , two highschool friends from bath , england . roland was the writer of most songs during the career while they both were co-singing . some of the music may sound a little dated today ( this being released in 1983 ) but the touchy subjects they bring up are still present today . the opener and title track is a great pop song and at the same time a good introduction to what is coming , it 's about children suffering without anyone noticing or caring . tears for fears trademark was mixing good pop with serious subjects and they really succeeded with that . " mad world " was one of the big hits and recently covered by gary jules and taken back to the charts again as the sountrack for " donnie darko " . the moody alternative song brings up the sad reality we 're living in , a world without rules or morals and the people suffering from it . excellent and haunting ballad . " pale shelter " was originally released in 1982 but failed to make it big on the charts , so the song was re-recorded , remixed and re-released and the result was a big hit even for " pale shelter " . the song is slow paced and distinct with guitars , synthesizers and percussion . it brings up the lack of love some children get cause of bad parenthood . " ideas as opiates " is almost minimalistic , it basically only feauture percussion and slow piano sound , the lyrics are also sparse . " memories fade " is also a stripped and melancholy song , with it 's haunting lyrics and saxophone it 's one of this album 's highlights . " suffer them children " is a synth laden pop song about children with problems growing up cause they 're ignored and not given too much love . watch me bleed " got very strong lyrics " heaven comes to he who waits / but i know im getting nowhere / and all the deeds of yesterday / have really helped to pave my way " and is overall another great pop / rock song . " change " was one of three big hits on this album , it got a trademark marimba sound and a great hook which paved the way to the charts . the song is focusing on the destructive behavior of a loved one . " the prisoner " is the darkest of songs with some very strong lyrics and arrangements suited for a horror film , the lyrics are sparse and they 're almost whispered . the last song is called " start of a breakdown " feautures a catchy synthesizer sound and meliodic percussion . why this song was not released as single is beyond me , but it 's one of the best songs . this remastered version feauture remixed of pale shelter " , " mad world " and " change and the non-album song " the way you are " is present . it 's another fantastic song by the way . uptempo with great percussion arrangements . nice it was added . overall , tears for fears magnificient debut was one of the most daring and thoughtful albums of the 80's . it 's equally intellegent and beautiful full of good lyrics and great arrangements . with this remastered version you get better sound + bonus tracks and the non album song " the way you are " . some of the songs may sounds a little dated today , considering all the new equipment used in today 's music , but the lyrics and subjects they brought up are just as present in today 's society . this album may get a little too personal and the lyrics get frightening when you listen closely to them at times , however if you 're a music fan that likes smart lyrics and lyrics that make sense then this is something for you . it 's a concept album and it very thoughtful and sincere . one of the greatest debuts of the 80 's , let alone albums . 
health neg 702.txt i ordered this item for my husband and i was extremely disappointed . it is poorly made and basically is not worth the money . i do not recommend it at all 
dvd neg 229.txt pushing the envelope for explicit , over the counter home videos , 9 songs ( tartan ) is about one year of sex and rock'n roll in the life of two lovers . matt is a young glaciologist . he meets lisa at a london rock concert . that night they start an affair . in between attending more concerts , they make passionate love . it 's for real and explicit . nine live-concert song footage is intercut with their coke-snorting , sexual encounters creating a sometimes ironic reflection of their intense physical but otherwise rather bland relationship . and finally , all this takes place in the memory of matt as he flies across the vast frozen wastelands of the south pole . this unscripted film is part musical , part drama , part documentary and part performance . it raises questions about the difference between pornography and art . controversial and much buzzed about , this not fully satisfying experiment is of interest mainly as a novelty item by a usually innovative and creative director for what it could have been . and of course the sex . a special feature eliminates everything but the concert performances . 
dvd pos 280.txt stoners , music , girls . 80 's high school times in cali . it takes you back to when vans were cool and the girls had way to much hairspray . everytime i watch this movie im ready to hit the beach . good movie 
music neg 366.txt etta never fails to deliver in the vocals . gutteral bombast , sweet soul , gospel , blues , the lady is a living legend . but this album , like the last album " produced " by her son , is a nightmare . chessy arrangments , tinkly bass , poor sound all around . she is a fierce mother and i 'm sure she thinks her kids know best , but there is a reason why labels pair vocalists with the right producer . should etta get the chance to work with a fresh ear at the deck , she would n't need the novelty of some of the song choices . ps - 200lbs lighter and she remains the best live performer ; blues , r / b , soul , whatever , in the world . 
software pos 504.txt why not have the best possible operating system for the best possible computer . while this os is not the top of the line today , it was when i bought it . if you buy the mac , it pays to have the best operating system . stay current . the hardest jump was from os 8 to os 9. i was unable to bring any of my peripherals with me . now it is seamless . like they say , just " plug n play . 
music pos 566.txt this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i 
software pos 357.txt i have had this only a couple of days and have learned it quickly thanks to the training cd that is included with the program . very easy to learn . great item . 3 / 23 / 07 , i have used this program every day and must say i love it . i have used other photo editing software and did not like them much . this is so easy to use , the training cd gets you started and after compleing it ( 7 chapters ) you are ready to fix all the photos you like but are over or under exposed . a powerful program . you can look like a pro using this . 10 stars if i could 
health neg 856.txt the flexible arm is not stiff enough to support the dry weight of the showerhead . this is the most pathetic product that i have seen in decades 
books neg 329.txt honestly , i thought the book was just plain boring and repetitive . the author 's main point , although interesting , seems to me like it would fit into an essay . also , the particular print of the book that i purchased , has a dog on the cover , i was very much expecting the book to center around dog behavior . instead , i felt i little duped . most insight into dog behavior came from previous third person experiments / theories or anedoctal accounts of " my friend 's dog fido , one day did this.. . " i hardly think that what one dog did can be generalized to the whole dog population . i mean , the author does n't even have a dog ! ! i suspect that i , who have had a lifelong history with dogs , have more first hand experience with dog behavior than the author . i do n't recommend this book to all the dog lovers out there . now , if your " thing " is cows... . get this book ! 
camera neg 435.txt i bought this camcorder 3 months ago and , after using it a grand total of 6 times , it is broken . it constantly loses track of timestamp on the tape doing things like rewinding 2 minutes ( two minutes on the counter in the display ) , refusing to rewind anymore and telling me the tape is full . it 's a 60 minute tape and it can only record 2 minutes ? ? ? i figured that was a problem with the tape so i tried another one , which seemed to work fine until i got home and tried to watch the footage . the camera counter once again became confused and the whole camera just locked up . i had to power off and on several times before finally getting the camera to rewind the tape to where i needed it to be . lastly , the mechanism for ejecting the tape broke after only one month . one last note , the support for panasonic is horrible too . you ca n't talk to a " real " person and instead have to go through an annoying robotic voice recognization " person " . i 'll never buy another panasonic product again...give me sony 
health neg 225.txt bought it and it worked for like a month . now it just sits in my room doing nothing . i am going to look for the company information and try to get my money back . if you are going to get a shower mirror pay a little more and get quality 
camera pos 709.txt this is a great , easy to use camera . i have had this camera for a year and it has seen alot of use . the only drawback i have had with this camera is that it eats aa batteries . i bought rechargeable aa 's and they seem to last forever ! problem solved . i am about to purchase a second one for my son for christmas . great camera 
music neg 606.txt i thought it would have nice , soft songs . but , it is riddled with annoying sound effects and strange instrumentation 
camera neg 374.txt i read all the reviews and comments on this kodak printer i could find . many gave glowing reviews . i 'd just purchased a new kodak digital camera , and thought this printer dock would make a perfect setup . i was never able to get the printer to perform as kodak says it should . it caused some odd conflict , and my computer would not boot into windows xp with the printer attached to the computer . i ended up having to disconnect the printer , turn on my computer , and then reconnect the printer in order to use it . windows then had to always reinstall the printer drivers . it was made even more frustrating by kodak 's tech support . i called and emailed multiple times for assistance . in one conversation i was literally told " i do n't know what 's wrong and ca n't help you . " now that 's tech support ! finally the printer refused to print telling me that it was out of paper . i tried all kodak 's remedies , none worked . no matter how much or how little paper was in the machine , it said there was no paper . i even opened a fresh pack to find it still fussy and not let me print . i ca n't recommend this printer . i could give a better recommendation had kodak itself , through its tech support , at least have provided my with some competent assistance . i got about 2 dozen prints , quite a large cost for printer and supplies for a few prints before the machine just failed to work at all . about the only positive i can give is that the prints i did get looked good , the color was nice . i gave it an extra star for print quality alone . kodak was a name that had some strength behind the name once upon a time . it was synonymous with home photography once upon a time . they 've lost something over the years , and that is quality 
software pos 615.txt this is a cool game in a lot of ways . i was jazzed about it because of the era it represents . but the complexity and inscrutability of the setup menus is somewhat offputting . the huge disapointment , however , is this : the online registration code is missing . utterly missing . and there is no resource available on the net to help . the u.s.a. help number is disconnected . you will not be able to play online . period . the developer 's forums are full of posts about this problem . no resolution... . beware . demand more of the makers of the products you purchase . this is extremely bad 
dvd pos 102.txt very good film , hard hitting , emotional and i 'm sure some aspects really do happen ( although i have yet to witness much of it since i 've been in la 
software neg 84.txt despite many attempts and a complete reinstall of windows xp , my xp machine refused to load easy cd creator 5 platinum , rendering the progam disc and all update discs useless . probably if you already had the program running in a 98 environment and then upgraded to xp you could keep it running with patches and updates . so take statements by resellers that they provide update discs with a grain of salt . if you cannot install the primary program , the update disc is of no use . the program is a good one but you have to run it on a 98 machine . 
books pos 780.txt if your looking to increase your personal level of joy and harmony in life , implement the teachings of the 3 frames in this book . manny padro salt lake city , uta 
software neg 298.txt after years of e-filing fees being included with the purchase price , it would have been more forthcoming for turbotax to put a large sticker on the front of their box alerting buyers to the price that they will pay for e-filing each return . i lost the value of my entire state return - and then some - through e-filing fees : $44.95 ( plus tax ) for the program , $16.95 ( plus tax ) for each return e-filed ( i filed two ) and a little bonus fee to the company that handles the [credit card] transaction ( that fee is never quoted in the program and i will have to wait for my credit card statement to find out what that is ) . in addition , anyone who chooses to have the fees deducted from his / her refund has to pay an additional $30. the product does what it says . but , for the cost , and less-than-honest way in which the change occured ( it almost seemed deceitful - hence the single star rating ) , i would have preferred to have given my money to my friendly neighborhood accountant . people expect change , even if they do n't like it . but , suprises that cost customers money are never welcome and drive customers away . surely the marketing / advertising gurus can think of a way to alert the customer of a significant change such as this and even put a " positive " spin on it . " filing fees only $16.95 [per return] - less than the cost of a tax professional . . . " no more turbotax for me 
books pos 504.txt this collection of plays is extraordinary . shepard threads tales of cartoonlike characters bound by the direst of circumstances excellently 
software neg 680.txt this program is causing many people difficulties . i had to make two seperate calls to customer service . 
books pos 636.txt the man of her dreams the woman of his ! is a book that is critically necessary today in light of our divorce culture . sadly , it equally affects christians the sames as non-christians . joel pulls no punches in assigning the blame to men 's arrogance and poor exploitive biblical exegesis . the back and forth style communicates the same cooperation and give and take necessary for successful marriages . this book is must read for the engaged , newlyweds , and those struggling to stay together . all cliches aside , this is a must read . rodrick burton author , the moral state of black america 
dvd pos 593.txt i really liked this movie . i thought it was a great super hero movie that had some humor built into it . it was well told and the characters were well developed . the special effects were great too ! ! i am not one for comic book heros , but this one confinced me otherwise . i recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a good over evil story that was orginally a comic book character . 
dvd pos 156.txt excellent little known movie with viggo mortensen as an f.b.i. agent under deep cover to infiltrate japenese mob . great performances by all {michael nouri , a little over the top} great action and sentimentality when viggos character is torn between man who treats him like a son and duty as an agent after f.b.i makes deal with mobster nouri to make a hit on the yakuza 
dvd pos 54.txt i really liked this product . easy to follow and you feel it everywhere . i try to do it everyday . my clothes are looking better on me and i have had to buy some new ones . one of the best choices i ever made 
dvd neg 835.txt agree that it was beautifully filmed , but... . there must have been a great deal lost in the translation 
music pos 934.txt this is by far the best psychopathic album ever released . riddlebox is now in second place . madrox schools ever other artist on psychopathic with this album . beats are bangin ' and lyrics are flawless ! great flows and he mixes funny with wicked . best songs are this b*tch and hey phatty . great album by the best rapper of our time . madrox is so under rated . i wish for his sake he would blow up huge but not lose his soul in the process . buy this album , best rap album ever made 
music pos 167.txt wow ! there 's sooooo.. . much to like in this album it 's amazing . the music is mostly upbeat & very catchy- -making you want to ( & will if no one 's around ) sing along . the lyrics are fine , meaningful , & personally touching- -about life which is getting faster & faster in the contemporary world , while people are still people with hopes , feelings , needs , desires , & all the rest of what makes people human . the lead singer , jennifer nettles is powerful yet gifted with a sweet voice ( though a bit twangy in style ) . she grabs you quickly for a wild ride- -immersing the listener in the musical story she 's telling . i bought the cd based on hearing baby girl & something more ( on the tv show vegas of all place ) . then i heard sugarland on the cma show- -winning awards as they so deserve . the range & variety of the songs on the album are good too- -from sweet & poignant ballads to wild & spicy soaring . virtually all of the songs are well worth listening to & the majority could become successful singles . yes , the style is their own mixture of influences- -the 3 artists come from different musical backgrounds , which makes their wonderful blending are the more impressive . and , the trio wrote all the songs on the cd- -with hall the primary author ( solo writer on one of them ) . how many trios are there with 2 women & 1 man ? i wonder if they are unique ? well , they are unique even if not in that respect- -how many bands include a mandolin ? . of course , country purists may not be happy with them , but the vast majority of listeners are . this has become one of my favorite albums , at the speed of sound . imho , it 's terrific 
dvd neg 331.txt as someone said in an earlier review , the movie is split up into two parts . the first part , training camp , was good . i enjoyed the movie up until it switches to vietnam . after that , i found it unwatchable . the main character is so annoying , i kept hoping he would get shot instead of his supporting cast . if you 're looking for a good war movie , look elsewhere . 
music neg 151.txt people buy fast food , they know its bad for them . people pay the geek squad 229 to do 5 minutes of work . people also pay 10 bucks for words & techno beats called " pop music " . amazing , if you had this much money : go get a gym membership . pay off your cars . donate it to children 's hospital . why support some teen that in 2 years will die from the music scence and laugh in her mansion 
dvd neg 199.txt i had high hopes for this movie , marlon brando , robert deniro , and edward norton , how could i go wrong with this movie with a cast like that ? despite the cast this movie sinks under a terrible script . the film is often tedious and the characters never seemed very realistic to me . this was a poorly contrived and at times silly film . the tension never really builds even though the filmmakers try . embarassing for all involved . i only give it two stars to be nice to the cast 
music pos 229.txt gene watson was one of the finest voices in country music , and this compilation of 18 hits provide a fine sampling of that voice . considered by some to be " hard country " , i find gene watson to have a more " pop " oriented voice that combined well with his selection of songs ; and in the ' 70 's , that proved to be enough to keep him on the charts . while many of the songs on this album are pure country , others are the typical , drab , 70 's pop that filled the void between the nashville sound and the new traditional era of the 80's . in any case , there is no doubt that gene watson earned his spot in country music , and this collection carries those hits that made him the household name he is today ; including his signature songs " farewell party " and " love in the hot afternoon " . if you prefer the more traditional country sound , his " you could know as much about a stranger " and " should i come home " are also included 
books neg 95.txt check out page 67 of the book for a basic reason why this book is useless : an entire page of a ftp session downloading openldap . huh ? how is this helpful ? getting the right version of berkeleydb and installing it , or installing and configuring openssl would have been far more helpful to me . this is another book composed mostly of cut ' n paste from the man pages , header files and varous scripts you can find with google . discussion on basic topics such as replication skips over key steps , examples for many issues are not provided or are hidden in the book . i use ldap at work and i used the o'reilly book to instal , configure and use openldap . i have yet to find a question that deploying openldap can answer that i ca n't get faster with google 
software pos 489.txt this was by far a great program , and never had a problem with it loading on our computer . fast installation and very easy to work with . plenty of available online , over the phone , or program tutorial help ! awesome program , even comes with a tshirt and 2 transfers 
software neg 45.txt obviously bogus reviews . version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting . what about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone 
health neg 601.txt this piece is compact and convenient where power outlet is not available . running with 3 aaa batteries , the stream is too weak to do the cleaning . not recommend for buying 
dvd pos 761.txt i 'm not sure why i never watched " ghost " before until last night . for some reason , i did n't pay much heed to it when it was first released and never thought it was worth watching on tv . i 'm glad i gave it a chance because this is a good movie . what makes it good is its ' skillful mixture of suspense , romance , comedy , and the supernatural . that would seem to be too much to tackle for one movie but we get it all in the right balance . i was drawn rather quickly into the movie and got to where i could n't wait to see what was coming next . there were a few " convenient " capabilities that these ghosts had that were necessary for the story to work . i 'm a rather pragmatic person but , by the time these things came up , i was so caught up in the story that i wanted these things to be possible . obviously , the writer and director deserve accolades for their work and the actors do as well . i wanted to make note of the quality of acting because it was probably the cast that left me uninterested in watching " ghost " . i was prepared to be unimpressed in particular with whoopie goldberg so i want to confess that i thought her best supporting actress oscar was well-deserved . i figure that i was one of the last persons in america to see " ghost " but if there are others of you out there who still have n't seen it , give it a look ; it 's well worth it 
health pos 6.txt this is the best tasting energy bar i have ever had . my kids love them too . great high energy snack 
software neg 669.txt i liked the software itself . being the first year i used it , i thought i 'd start being a regular tt customer . then it was april 17 2007 and i tried to e-file . the servers would not respond all day . there were no admins to be reached on the support sites or the forums ( except for one who said " i do n't know what is the problem and i have nothing to tell you " ) . one major failing with this software is that it cannot automatically try to connect . if it fails , it says " try again in 10 minutes " . which i 've had to do all night . now - i will miss my tax deadline and have spent 6 hours at my computer trying to get connected . mail is not an option now as my car is gone . this is a major failure of the company and an utter lack of support , since their officials apparently could n't be bothered to come in to work on tax day to offer us any solutions . i will not buy again . 
software pos 209.txt i have had nothing short of an excellent experience with this product . i have created numerous videos of my children 's escapades and sporting events . i do have one warning however . provide the grandparents with a box of tissues because they never fail to cry when they see their little angels parading across the widescreen . the software is extremely intuitive and easy to use . my wildest expectations were exceeded . 
camera neg 776.txt i bought this item over a year ago , and it has never served for anything . once i spotted a deer and turned on the " ir " illuminator , and the deer ran away - not too surprising , it is actually a red light and totally visible for most animals . better use a flashlight . this is a first-generation nightscope , and has a very small range of utility : if there is a little light , the adapted human eye sees better , and if there is almost no light the device does not see either . 100 bucks is not too much of a waste , but if you are serious about nightvision you should spend about 10 times as much 
health neg 197.txt this item is rubbish.. . it leaks , quite dangerous since water and electricity do n't mix . i got it , plugged it in filled it 3 / 4 full and had to stop cause water was all over my floor . i have already packed it up and will return it asap 
books pos 942.txt having attended the fictitious " grove school " bingham describes in this book , i am confident in saying that it is all true . we are all indeed messed up and destined for the ivy league . in any event , the fictitious " fairfield academy " does also exist . i frequent the grove house of pizza and i highly recommend the chicken cutlet sub . bingham has written a fine text and i only wish he were alive to read these reviews now . hip hip hooray 
dvd neg 224.txt i rented this movie for about six dollars and i have to say even that was a waste of money . i thought this movie was incredibly over acted , boring and hard on the eyes . the thing that annoyed me the most was the monologues that each of the main characters did . they were exaggerated and reminded me of the kind of acting you would find in a infomercial . for the superficial people out there i would n't watch this movie hoping for eye candy because you wo n't get it . when i found out that the two women starring actually wrote and directed the film it finally made sense why the acting was so horrible . i have no idea why this movie has any stars at all it was horrible and that would be considered a compliment 
dvd neg 982.txt it 's always a shame to see a really talented actor / actress star in a dud of a movie , but that 's exactly what happened to jodie foster with 1979 's " foxes " . directed by adrian lyne , who would later go on to direct the notorious " fatal attraction " , " foxes " is a cheap , lame-brained attempt at a gritty look into the dark side of teenage life . the movie suffers from a painful lack of character development and goes in a seemingly incoherent fashion from one scene to another , making it hard to stay focused . the movie is n't a total waste- -a few dramatic scenes do at least catch your attention ; and jodie foster , still under 18 when this was filmed , has a real charisma about her despite the fact that she is n't given much to work with . plus , that piano melody of donna summer 's " on the radio " which crops up throughout adds a nice melancholy feel . overall though , " foxes " really is pretty lousy and ca n't be given much of a recommendation 
dvd pos 377.txt i like this season because it has moved out of the developing storyline and gone into conflicting with each other with two of the best twist in a show ever ! 
health neg 899.txt as an esthetician i would advise against using these sort of products . they basically sand your face off . please leave microderm and abrasive exfoliation to trained and licensed professionals . i can assure you that i am not just saying this to drum up business . i would much rather have people not do anything to their skin than to use a product like this . you initially see great results because of the aggressiveness of the exfoliation , but believe me , you will pay for it in the long run . the main ingredient in this product is aluminum oxide ( also referred to as corundum ) , which is characteristically known for its hardness , and is typically used as an industrial abrasive in sandpaper and as a component in cutting tools . this material is rated as 9 out of 10 on the mohs scale of mineral hardness , making it second only to diamonds in abrasiveness . you may argue that this is also the same substance use in clinical microdermabrasion procedures , but you need to realize that these procedures can only be preformed by a board certified plastic surgeon , dermatologist , or licensed esthetician trained in microdermabrasion treatment . i see people coming in every day who use these at home kits and products , and they all have the same issue ; it worked great at first , then after some time they started to notice that it was n't working as effectively , so they used it more often and harder . exfoliation of the skin increases cell turnover and helps prepare the skin for hydration and moisturization when done right . when this process is done more often than necessary , or in an overly aggressive manner , you can end up damaging your skin and causing permanent scar tissue build up and inflammation . people do n't seem to realize that there is oil on our face for a reason , it 's there to protect and moisturize our skin . when you constantly cleanse and exfoliate your skin , you are doing more harm than good . over stripping the skin causes irritation , break-outs , and heightened sensitivity that rarely can be reversed . when your skin is constantly bombarded by aggressive exfoliation , it 's defense is to build up thicker layers of skin for protection . so please , if you do use this , use extreme caution , do n't use it on your face , and do not use it more than once a week , if that . ask any esthetician , plastic surgeon , or dermatologist out there and they 'll tell you the same thing : there is a reason people do n't get facials , chemical peels , and microderm every day , or even more once a month . the adage " too much of a good thing " stands true here . if you need more convincing , please refer to the following links and make the decision your self . [... 
music pos 884.txt this is a must have for anyone with an r&b " oldies " collection . you wo n't be disappointed 
software neg 217.txt i bought this upgrade because i thought it would let me share my contacts . it says so on the box , but it doesn't . it works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . no live sharing . why could n't they make it so i could put the file on my server ? or on a secure site ? then all my office can work off one contact list . 50% or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . it 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with outlook . or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone . also , lots of times when you try to send , the email wo n't send , it stays in the outbox . and repeatedly you open and hit the send button but it wo n't change to send status . now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . or sometimes you can forward and send. . geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . we wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought if on the new computers we have ordered . 
dvd pos 346.txt while this certainly is n't the best pearl jam concert ever it is n't the worst either . the first disc starts a little slow..but you ca n't argue with getting to hear song 's like " in my tree " and " faithfull " . highlights are : love boat captain...a nice opener . one of the best of riot act song 's for sure . in my tree , one of , if not my favorite pj songs . not quite as rocking as the 2000 tour performances but still great . gimme some truth . maybe not a technically perfect perfomance but heartfelt and passionate . good john lennon cover . even flow . always great . spin the black circle...the band starts to get more into the show after this rocking performance . thumbing my way...just a great slow song . breath . in my opinion the best performance of the show...just great . crown of thorns . i really like this version of the song...played well whether you think ed should sing it or not . baba o'reilly . the classic " who " song . a great performance . just try to sit still during this one . i would reccomend this dvd to anyone that is a pearl jam fan already but if you 're not then i would start with some of their studio albums first . 
music pos 875.txt once she has won your heart , you will want this collection to hear how she developed as a performer - - and came to be a great symbol of france in the 20th centur 
books pos 876.txt i found the first book , faerie wars , pretty interesting so i decided to read this one . in many ways it had excellent qualities such as suspense , mystery and a bit of romance . i 'll have to admit , i finished the book pretty quickly because i got hooked onto it and did n't want to put it down . there were many twists and turns of the plot , and it was practically impossible to guess what would happen next at times . i did , however , find the ending a tad abrupt . it was such a shame to finish the book without any more information on pyrgus , mr. fogarty , henry or blue . but overall the book was an excellent one.... . it will certainly capture your interest 
camera pos 953.txt camera arrived earlier than i expected , and was just what i wanted . very small , but versitle . large screen . very satified with my purchase 
software neg 16.txt the only redeeming quality about this gps system is that it 's cheap . i used it on a 1 , 000 mile trip on the east coast the week after i got it . the navigation is poor . i found that i often had to look over to the laptop screen because i was " off route " so often due to the poor maps . the system repeated the same annoying problems that i see in other feedback . 1 ) the unit would show me being off the road even though i was on an interstate . in this case it would continually recalculate the route and diretc me to take exits to get off the highway and circle around . 2 ) it directed me to make turns onto one-way streets in the wrong direction . 3 ) it could not locate a poi that turned out to be a few hundred yards away 4 ) it often did not know the correct side of the road for my destination 5 ) it does n't provide a chime when it 's time for a turn . it will tell you the turn is a half-mile ahead , but that might be the last time you hear an instruction . 6 ) in one case , it got me to my destination ( at least close enough ) but could n't guide me back to my starting point . the gps receiver seemed to acquire and hold the satellite signal well . but the maps are poor , as is the verbal instruction - it sounds like a 1980 's computer generated voice . if you 're looking for a trustworthy guide in unfamiliar areas - this is n't it . this is going back asap . 
camera pos 606.txt you wo n't go wrong with a panasonic dv . i 've had a few models . i have several of this model for my business . they 're rock solid reliable , nice and small for portability , and the quality of the recording is very goo 
camera pos 271.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one 
dvd pos 831.txt dmx stars as the drug dealer king david , who pops up in the streets again after a long absence . rolling into the frame in a player 's classic - a late 70 's stutz blackhawk - king david shrugs his way back into the hard-knock life . he quickly reaps what he sows and , mortally wounded , passes all his worldly goods to paul ( david arquette ) , a scrambling white would-be writer . king david 's estate includes an audio journal of his life , which provides flashbacks and a narrative-within-a-narrative that answers the shaken paul 's curiosity . it 's the highlights of king david 's high life that propel " alone . " like all of goines 's heroes , king david is a scourge on the periphery , and the movie dramatizes his corrosive effect on the margins with savvy muscularity . every life he touches he leaves in ruins - a need to deface beauty as a result of self-loathing is implicit , and dmx signals that motivation with sly hostility . to say that king david is the best part he 's ever had is an understatement ; he has never felt the need to inhabit a movie in this way before . i would recomed this to anyone who likes the hip hop lifestyle or music and for anyone who like films with a twist 
music pos 658.txt hands down , a 5 star , two thumbs up , classic joint . after it dropped , puba reigned supreeeme . disregard the amazon reviewer , there are no " gaffes " in this one , period.. . these guys were true to their beliefs . they were n't packaging a product for " pop " consumption , they were telling a generation what they thought . check it out and the music will speak for itself . the best track in my opinion was " wake up " , but the whole album was great . as someone else mentioned , fast tracks put it in the 90 's but most of the tracks are relevant sound as good as ever . 
dvd neg 712.txt i resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . i make it 200. the other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . i just loved the u.s air force personnel with scottish and english accents . they must have overrun the $500 budget at that point . 
software neg 116.txt this is the worst thing i have ever bought . i bought it because i am having some trouble in spanish in school . i bought it thinking that if i gave a english word it would give you the spanish word or vise versa . but all it does is give you the definition and does not give you the english word.so save your self 20 dollars and do n't buy thi 
camera pos 480.txt the battery is great and it 's pretty nice to own two of these , so when one battery is discharged i can just pop in the spare . it was in stock and delivered to me in a reasonable amount of time 
health neg 129.txt this thing is unbelievably lame . it does n't massage . it vibrates . y'all have sat in massage chairs before at sharper image or brookstone . they can be really good , with kneading balls that roll around giving a surprisingly deep back massage . this thing does n't even resemble those chairs . trust me . i am sitting in one now . it is my main office chair . i have not turned on the " massage " function , or even plugged it in , since about three days after i bought it . the " massage " feature is more like an annoy feature . it just shakes you around a bit , but does n't actually feal good in any way . 
health neg 317.txt i bought the duro-med 7921lcst-bg because of a back injury- -i need good back support in order to sit somewhat comfortably . this product is very disappointing . the material with which it is filled is of such a low density that it gives practically no support at all . if you need firm back support , i would look elsewhere ( i do n't know of a good source yet ) . if you do n't need such support , then i do n't know why you 'd have any interest in this product- -but i suppose there could be valid reasons that i ca n't imagine 
software neg 915.txt i have to agree with all these reviews already posted . i was getting error messages for intuit stating that i would not be able to download stock quotes after a certain date , so i ordered a new copy of quicken for $50 thinking it would be an upgrade . to my amazement , it is exactly the same as quicken 04 , no real developments . i feel very cheated by intuit . if 04 was only going to be good for a couple of years , they should have disclosed the fact in the first place . if they are going to squeeze money out of loyal customers , i would at least expect and improved product . they are making a real mistake here , as their credibility is now zip . i have been buying turbotax every year , and have been a loyal quicken user for many years , but now i think i will look for something else . 
books pos 999.txt this is a simple book to read through for younger children . written by native americans it is a " thanksgiving " book from their point of view , why native americans have always celebrated thanksgiving . it has no mention of pilgrams or not fully proven , overly romanticized stories as most thanksgivings are but simply a beautiful description of the season , the great harvest and respect for the world around them . a book of why the native americans gave thanks during this beautiful season 
health pos 208.txt upon recommendation from other consumers , i purchased these rollers . i travel a great deal for my job and get-aways with my husband . the rollers heat up well and are compact . i just keep them in my suitcase all the time so i 'm ready to go 
software neg 837.txt this is the slowest . operating . system i have ever used . the first time i installed xp home , i did n't see what was so bad about it , but when we tried installing it on our new gateway machine , it imedettly slowed all system operations down to a crawl . even my brother 's laptop , which is a very fast machine , has xp pro , and it randomly slows down . do n't get this operating system . it 's slow , buggy , and expensive 
camera neg 235.txt i thought i was ordering the right size batteries , but i found out too late this was not the case . now i am unable to get full credit for them when i return them 
music neg 249.txt i should first state that i am a huge ej fan . his music has been extremely important to me over the years . he is , without a doubt , a genius ... i would go so far as to call him the mozart of our times . but , elton can also write bloated , self-indulgent tripe , and if you ask me , this album belongs in that bucket . i give it 2 stars just because of ssmlt , one of his all-time greats . i never cease to be blown away by that song . but the rest of this album ? booooooring ! ! ! 
music pos 812.txt i saw the outlaws live twice in the early eighties and had a great time at both shows . this album is just plain fun to listen to and brings back some very fond memories 
camera pos 840.txt i needed a tele lens to complement my d50 purchase . a did n't want to spend too much money on it but i needed one that a least matched my lumix fz10 in sharpness . this certainly did and the vr really works , i am able to take sharp pictures up to 1 / 40. my d50 flies on it 
software pos 931.txt this language learning software is the best i have ever tried . you can work with the lesson material in several different ways , utilizing your favorite method of learning . expecially great is the speaking unit which allows you to match your pronunciation with that of the instructor . the package is well worth the cost 
health pos 313.txt just received it and used it and can only say it is the greatest shaver ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the closest shave , no razor burn , fastest shave yet and very quite . thank you norelco for this great saver . j 
software pos 593.txt just completed a 1600 mile trip from ohio to virginia beach and the microsoft streets and trips with gps worked better than expected . only lost the gps in extremely hilly areas . no loss in towns . this thing is very precise for the low price paid . if you pull into a place such as a gas station , you have the address immediately . it can route you back to your mapped routing if you make a wrong turn . pressing the space bar will get you the next turn in case you missed hearing the last prompt . this is a powerful program and should be an asset to any traveler . a co-pilot is good to have but not totally necessary . as mentioned above , it will route you back to your road if needed . a great buy . would be nice if the prompt would name the street or route 
books neg 603.txt if you like unimaginative phony crap you 'll love this book . the proposed animals within this book are utterly stupid and improbable . an antelope that feels through the snow with its incredibly dumb looking antlers ? a diurnal and terrestrial mammal that for some god-forsaken reason lacks eyes of any kind ? primates that do n't evolve to fit man 's niche , but instead take on the roles of otters and flying squirrels ? the thing has got nonsense written all over it . the " future animals " proposed for this book were not well thought out and somebody , please find mr. dixon a liguist , and fast ! some of the names he gives these future animals are so stupidly childish that they actually detract from a creature 's plausibility . a vortex ? a posset ? what jerk scientist of the future is naming these things ? can he please be institutionalized ? i admit the pictures were well done and pre-teen children would probably enjoy this immensely . i know i would 've when i was 10 or 11 , and there 's nothing wrong with that , it 's just that dougal dixon begins the book in a very advanced scientific way discussing food pryramids , chains of evolution , and ecological niches , but then converts to unscientific baloney around page 30. all in all , i just do n't think it 's cut out for people over the age of 12 or so , unless you are just looking for fun and imaginative creatures . but in that case , why restrict your mind with the laws of evolution ? why not pick up a copy of the dungeons and dragons monster manual or something like that with lots of mythological and imaginary creatures ? i find that books intended to showcase the fantastic , do much better outside the realm of ( somewhat-boring ) science 
music neg 275.txt this album is pure crap ! just a marketing move to capitalize on the sales from straight outta cashville , until he can make a real new album , not this microwaved crapola . if you like buck , get straight outta cashville , an beg for mercy , than wait for his future release , with actual new tracks . i strongly advise you not to buy this . it is a total rip off . i wasted my time downloading this 
music pos 411.txt fournier plays exquisitely , imbuing each note with an elegance of its own and keeping the piece lyrical yet still rhythmically precise . although his interpretation is romantic , the spirit is all bach with no egoism on the part of fournier . there is both serenity and tension in these recordings , and fournier 's smooth interpretation is one of the most moving recordings available 
music neg 880.txt this is humor ? when does the humor begin ? is it close to the end cause i reckon that this ai n't funny . maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , i reckin 
books neg 768.txt i have an amazon bookmark that advertises ludlum 's book " the sigma protocol " . it says " in ludlum 's latest , an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy . " well gee . that 's the plot of this book as well . come to think of it , that 's the plot of every book by the man that i 've read . a ' vast right wing conspiracy ' is set to take over the world . they have small armies , a lot of money and a plan . this time around , a group of military men ( naturally ) plan to foment terror , and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world ( laugh not - millions in the middle east and far left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines ) . enter " ordinary man " joel converse . he 's a vietnam vet and p.o , w . who thought he had left that life far behind . it 's up to him to save the world . he will survive certain death several times ( the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive , and they just have to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger ) . he will find love , and he 'll visit several european cities to boot . of course , a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels ( how else would you believe that a nazi and an israeli are on the same side ? ) , but ludlum 's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just could n't write . his dialogue writing is always tedious , and sometimes just painful to read . action scenes are generic . the only thing he could do right is character background , but that 's not enough to save this . " the aquitaine progression " might make a half decent tv movie , but to endure 700 pages is just too much 
books pos 131.txt i used this book as a student and still use it for teaching . pieces are nice and students are challenged to think musically . it moves quicker than some other method books ; it covers materials from elementary to early intermediate . upon completion of the first grade book students can play standard repertoire in the early intermediate level . students must have completed early elementary level before using this book because this book starts with playing two hands in c position . emphasize phrasing from the first piece . highly recommended 
music neg 475.txt i bought this cd for the avril lavigne song keep holding on. i really like her song , and this is the only way i could find to buy get it . was to buy the eragon sound track . i havent seen the movie . besides that i would n't have bought it 
health pos 860.txt i love the idea of the glasses always being where i can find them . the only problem is they need to also be adjustable for how wide the band is . every time i look up the magnets pop apart . if they fix that , i 'd give them 5 stars ! ! 
music pos 886.txt i have been following gospel since the early 80s . i am a big fan of contemporary gospel and shei atkins defines how r&p gospel should sound . trinitee 5:7 along with dawkins & dawkins have done a great job so far , but shei atkins covers it all- -relationships ( cheating , divorce , pre-marital sex ) ; worship ; hymns ; enocuragement ; you name it and she has a song for it . i just bought the cd and i ca n't take it out of my cd player ! ! her voice is so annointed and unique ! she can easily give beyonce , erykah badu and mary blige a run for their money ! she can easily be played on mainstream radio and everyone would be bobbin ' their heads to it- -yet she has no problem mentioning jesus in any of her songs ! for those christians who are looking for something that they can groove and relax too ( with some anointing ) please buy this cd- -i promise you that you wo n't be disappointed ! i can literally listen to every song on this cd over and over again 
music pos 528.txt people , what a killer release this is . i bought it in ' 92 when it was released , not knowing what to expect , as i had never heard a single cut from it . i knew schonn was the axeman on this baby , and that was all i needed to know . i popped this cd in the player , and was instantly floored . what great melodic , poweful tunes filled my ears . i 'm not much of a ballad fan , but even those are great . dean castronova on drums was the perfect choice for this type of release , as he adds the power to schonn 's precision . this is how neal would have played with journey , had the suits let him do so . the gioeli brothers , unknown to me at the time , do a masterful job as well . it 's such a shame that great bands make an album or two , and just fade away , ie . lynch mob , badlands and these guys , to name a few . this release is far superior to their second offering , but that one is pretty tasty as well . i suggest paying the coin for this cd , as it 's worth every penny . hardline 2 will run you about twice as much , but imports often do . get ' em both if ya ' can , but this one is the best of the 2. peace . 
software pos 908.txt although this game maybe aimed for kids , it can still offer powerful training games in an entertaining way . each assorted machines is like an arcade that trains each tactical aspects individually . such as blind chess , eye-training , memory training of chess positions are most notable that separates it from the other beginner chess training programs . the only thing i hate bout this game is the lack of options . you ca n't log off to a different username without having to shutdown the program first then relog nor can you delete usernames . no bgms ( backgroundmusic ) during chess matches . other than that , its an awesome tactical training tool . kids really do love to play this game and is one of the best games out there that can get them into playing chess . i think chess can be a beneficial contribution to school learning and thinking process . 
books neg 264.txt a serious snooze fest . of course , if you are a huge kim newman fan , you 'll be pleased ; literally every other story in the book is one . if you must read this book , check it out from the library ; at least that way you wo n't be wasting your money 
dvd pos 817.txt beware ! this is not the tv series as described by the first reviewer ( not the reviewer 's fault ) . this is instead , the movie version of " return to treasure island " , and the tv version is by a different distributor 
software pos 356.txt i have been using nsw 2006 for a year and it 's never failed me . i 've always used symantec products and have always been satisfied . 
camera pos 395.txt i was n't sure if it would be worth spending the money on this case . how wrong i was . if you 're into diving and have one of these cameras , buy it now 
dvd pos 274.txt brosnan is great , kinnear is really funny , a gem of a movie 
music pos 848.txt as a pretty big comedy fan thanks to xm radio , i have listened to a lot of comics and i own a lot of comic cd 's ( mitch hedberg , bill hicks , emo philips , lewis black , steven wright , pablo francisco etc. ) and my absolute favorite is unprotected . there is not a slow part on this cd and it never fails to bring everyone to tears on a long car ride . his quick and merciless wit is better than any other comic in the us . his family must be very understanding since he does n't hesitate to include every detail of their personal lives in his act , but it all serves to create a punchline that we can all relate to . the highlights of this cd are his daughter 's boyfriend and guidelines for resuming sex after a heart attack . i highly highly reccomend this 
dvd neg 417.txt the transfer is real real bad , the story is also weird but its o 
software pos 39.txt this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events / holidays / etc. there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes . 
health neg 743.txt i have to say i am disappointed , having used a trimmer from wahl with same model number 9916 , which i felt gave me a good trim , i immediately sought out to buy same model off amazon . the one i received was much cheaper in quality . the plastic guide is cheap junk which felt like it would break eventually , which it did within 3 weeks from being dropped . the guide shattered . there is no replacement for the 5-position guide for the 9916 i can find . now i am torn between buying another of these and treating it like a precious heirloom , or finding a razor that can survive real world use . on the plus side , the battery life on this razor is incredible . 
books pos 97.txt an excellent book for anyone that barbecues 
books neg 388.txt " being a lover of freedom , when the [nazi] revolution came , i looked to the universities to defend it , knowing that they had always boasted of their devotion to the cause of truth ; but no , the universities were immediately silenced . then i looked to the great editors of the newspapers , whose flaming editorials in days gone had proclaimed their love of freedom ; but they , like the universities , were silenced in a few short weeks... . only the church stood squarely across the path of hitler 's campaign for suppressing the truth . i never had any special interest in the church before , but now i feel a great affection and admiration for it because the church alone has had the courage and persistence to stand for intellectual and moral freedom . i am forced to confess that what i once despised i now praise unreservedly . " - - albert einstein . what i 'm getting at here is that you can propogate anyone to look bad , that 's easy . when you have two sources contradicting each other so heavily , you may want to consider the source ; i.e a protestant british author writing over fifty years after the fact , vice a prominent and liberal jewish figure who lived through the holcaust and has no biased motive to either slander or praise the beforementioned institution . or maybe israel zolli , chief rabbi of rome whose conversion to catholicism immediately after the war was prompted by the church 's reaction to the plight of the jewish people . this book is extremely propagated and heavily editorialized . it is important to read a work like this however , in order to better understand the manipulation of truth and half truth in the author 's motive 
books pos 461.txt i love this book- -it 's beautiful . this book is a delightful romp through the farmyard , with goose leading the way across the pages as she chases a butterfly , causing the ruckus with all the animals . the abstract artwork truly appeals to adults and , therefore , may be too difficult for very young children to comprehend : the pigs in the muck , the kittens in the hayloft , the pigeons in the rafters all might be a little tough for a baby to distinguish . but a parent rereading the book several times in a row will appreciate seeing fleming 's gorgeous art each time . my nine-month-old son reacts to the colors with glee and my imitations of the animals with laughter- -this is definitely one of his favorites . i highly recommend this book 
health neg 308.txt i think the shaver works well , but the plastic is thin and cheap . the biggest complaint is that there is no carring case for the razor , cleaning brush and charger . i think the cost should of been higher if that is what it takes to provide a case 
music neg 324.txt what a terrible excuse for music from generally excellent musicians . it sounds like espn called them asked them to put a diddy together and 10 minutes later....presto ...instant mush 
dvd pos 856.txt i stumbled across this movie on cable a couple of years ago , having nothing better to do i watched it . my first impression was that it would be just another stoner movie were nothing really happens . i was suprised though because not only does it have a plot it has a interesting plot . you do n't have to be stoned , or even a stoner to enjoy this movie . one reveiwer said somthing along the lines of it looking like grade school kids made it . well it is true it was an independent film made on the cheep but think it actualy adds something to the over all feel of the film , like your actualy there , scrapping through life with the characters . i guess i can understand why some people wouldnt get this movie , not enough bells and whisels , but if your up for something differnt give it a try . by the way , the movie was based on a book of the same name , also very good and differnt 
music pos 883.txt this is their best album.easily better than anything the likes of oasis ever managed.richard iii , going out , late in the day and the title track are all top quality.if you rated blurs 3 & quot ; britpop&quot ; ( horrible term really ) albums from the 90s then get this.its up there with them.simple as that 
software pos 157.txt this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped 
dvd pos 796.txt either you get on the train or you don't ... and as long as you continue to get on the train , you 'll grasp the meaning of christmas . the true meaning of christmas . but you have to be willing to get on . this movie was a great adaptation of the classic story . i must admit i was a tad bit wigged out by the animation . it was just oogey in some ways . realistic at times and , at other times , so unbelievably fake.. . i could n't decide if i liked the animation or not . still can't . but the story itself is worth the struggle i had with the animation . get on board ! you 'll be glad you did . 
health neg 251.txt the first one of these i received broke after 2 uses . target.com quickly sent a replacement at no charge , and now that one has broken after about 5 uses . very frustrating , because otherwise it seems like a good system 
health pos 593.txt i have a preemie who 's temperature needs to be monitored pretty much constantly . at every diaper change we were taking axial temps with one of those standard digital thermometers . torture ! took forever and baby screamed her head off the whole time . then my sister got this thermometer for us and it is fabulous . what we like : 1. when baby is screaming , the light blinks and then goes solid when temp is done , great when you ca n't hear the beep . 2. it truly does take a second unless baby is thrashing about . 3. produces a long beep when you are taking your own temperature , no guesswork about when it 's finished which is an improvement over earlier models . what we do n't like : 1. preemies have tiny ear holes . so we have had to wait till our baby 's ear was big enough to be able to use this thing . 2. the lens covers are a pain to switch out and keep on hand , it would be nice if there were a way to just sanitize the lens after each use . 3. we see a discrepancy of almost one degree between the left and right ear which makes us question the accuracy somewhat . the enclosed brochure explains various causes of this , but that does n't help when trying to determine what exactly your baby 's temperature is . we have done both the axial and ear temp and found that the right ear on our baby corresponds with the digital thermometer 's reading on her armpit . however , the enclosed chart shows the variances between oral , rectal , axial , and ear temperatures which make it somewhat confusing . so we alternate between the digital and the ear thermometer just to be sure . i personally would recommend this thermometer for older babies and kids , just be sure that you test it out when kids are healthy to figure out your baseline and what is normal . it takes some investigation to develop your method based on what your needs are , but it is a nice , quick to use product and my family loves using it for adult temperature readings . we think we will be happier with it when baby is bigger and we are using it for sick readings only 
dvd pos 39.txt a terrific documentary . even if you have seen it on pbs , you need the dvd to view the great extra material 
camera neg 815.txt straight out of the box disappointment with the extremely poor quality . plug into wall and does not work . after trying numerous different outlets / wiggles of the cord , it finally powered on . after putting in a card , the pics were ok , passable . the mp3 popped and moaned and popped some more , and i was only playing very quiet jazz . this is not worth the money even though it is cheap . pay a little more and get one that is of better quality 
dvd pos 558.txt love this movie ! ca n't decide which version i like better - this one or the one with grace kelly and bing crosby ! both are great 
books pos 229.txt stephen hawking has crafted a masterpiece that requires only two qualities of the reader : patience and an open mind . for those willing to take the ( often substantial ) time required to digest the material and accept ( or even challenge ) it , a awe inspiring world awaits . this book is rightfully one of the best selling books of all time , and a must read for anyone who has any interest in the world around them 
books pos 138.txt first off , this book is very entertaining to read . unlike many political books , it is never tedious or redundant . " thieves in high places " is an accurate portrayal of what is wrong with both parties in america . it is also informative and insightful on the roles of big corporations in american politics and local economies . this book is a call to arms against large corporations that put locally owned businesses under , companies that use child labor overseas , and the entire americal political system . this book empowers the common man in his fight for an egalitarian society , fair wages for all , and a real equal oppurtunity at an education . i loved this book , it was a pleasure to read , and confirmed everything that disuades me about america today . it is worth a read 
dvd pos 612.txt daniel day-lewis must be the most versatile film actor in the world . he looks like a different person in almost every film he makes . i assume that 's the real day-lewis in this flick about the rebellion in northern ireland , revenge and absolution . his romantic interest , emily watson , puts in a good performance too . day-lewis looks a lot different than he did in & quot ; gangs of new york&quot ; , & quot ; the unbearable lightness of being&quot ; , & quot ; my left foot&quot ; and & quot ; last of the mohicans&quot ; but he is just as compelling in his performance . i thought this movie degraded a bit at the end with its somewhat hollywood finale , but otherwise i enjoyed it . if you like substantial filmmaking , good acting , great drama , unfamiliar vistas and a good story , you 'll enjoy it too 
software pos 654.txt some existing programs , such as norton system works , are not compatible with vista and norton insists that you pay for an upgrade to the 2007 version . other than the compatibility issue , windows vista home basic works fine for me . larry leika 
dvd pos 43.txt i actually did n't mind kiss the girls because of morgan freeman . he saved the day in that movie . plus , i 'm always intrigued by serial killers and weird psychos . that always peaks my interest . but ashley judd 's performance was just terrible in that ( not that i think she 's very good in anything i 've seen but whatever ) . that 's why i was delighted to find another thriller along those lines with morgan freeman , still playing alex cross , but thankfully without ashely judd ( a better name for her would be ashely dudd but that 's my opinion ) . along came a spider was not only an interesting storyline , it was also very well acted . there 's some twists of course which i wo n't spoil , but one i did see coming and the other blindsided me . all in all very enjoyable , especially for the low price i found this at . the little girl who is kidnapped in this , played by mika boorem , is terrific . it was kind of neat seeing her in this as i had just watched the movie sleepover recently ( also reviewed it...cute little movie...check it out ) where she 's more grown up . hopefully we 'll be seeing more things with her . anyway , i found this engrossing enough and most times you ca n't go wrong with morgan freeman ( except if ashely judd is in a scene with him , but that 's not his fault ) as he 's an exceptional actor . obsessed with serial killers , psychos and the like , just as i am ? then you will have a good time getting tangled up in the web of along came a spider 
music pos 538.txt if you like the beach boys and appreciate the technical quality behind telarc recordings , then this disc is a must have in your collection . first , papa doo run run does an excellent job covering beach boys tunes to the point where some people ca n't tell the difference , but you can still hear the uniqueness they bring to it . second , you 'll feel like your hearing parts of the music you 've never heard before because there is so much more foundation and clarity to the recording . you can hear each instrument clearly . the beginning of & quot ; i get around&quot ; is almost explosive , they way the original recording should have been . telarc and papa doo run run have made a special album here . when i feel like listening to the beach boys , i usually grab this cd first 
health neg 971.txt this is an inexpensive scale for measuring weight and body fat . the only problem is it does n't do either one too well . the weight measurement gives a different answer every time you step on it , even if you weighed yourself just a minute before . i was never able to get the scale to measure my fat percentage or give me any other reading besides an error . maybe my skin 's too thick , or maybe the electrical charge it tries to send through your body is too weak . it 's also inconvenient to use . to get your weight , all you have to do is step on it . to get the weight and fat reading , you have to hit the power button multiple times to cycle through all the settings , then step on the scale within 5-10 seconds to avoid it turning back off 
books pos 776.txt i 've read many books on meditation and while each of them answers some of my questions , jack kornfield 's book , a path with heart , answers every one save those that must be experienced first-hand in one 's own time . his voice and advice is articulate , intelligent , humorous , open , patient and wise . he starts out by telling you a little about his own experience , goes on to cover the basics of vipassana meditation and then leads you bit by bit deep into the issues every meditator and spiritual seeker must face . what i love most about his teaching style is that he gives gentle , practical advice on the day-to-day , minute by minute stuff to do to explore , commit to , love being on the path . if my house were on fire and i had to grab only one book on my way out the door , it would be a path with heart 
dvd neg 442.txt between the amended " politically correct " ending to this famous tale and the so-very-hokey interaction between kirstey alley and lloyd bridges , i could n't wait for this to be over ! the animation was very poor quality.. . the music was not the focus , my grandchildren lost interest . shat else could possibly have been wrong 
software pos 844.txt this remote works really well and it 's easy to create your own profiles for whatever application you use , or to customize it however you want . there is a good user community that is doing a lot of cool things with the firefly . set up is simple and the range is good . it " just works . " the only suggestion is that the buttons are not backlit so it 's hard to use in the dark . adding to that problem is that the remote is pretty much symmetrical so you can be holding it upside down and not really realize it . if it were n't for that i 'd give it five stars , and if they came out with a version that had backlit buttons i would n't hesitate to upgrade 
books neg 598.txt easily the worst textbook i encountered during my undergraduate years . unfocused , sparse , and almost completely lacking example problems . riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely , leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life . i 'm not a big fan of the book by seborg et al . either , but if you have to choose between the two , go with seborg 
software neg 588.txt the product is great , calling tech support is a task though . intuit outsources thier call centers overseas and it is difficult to communicate with thier support people by telephone . if this product was n't preffered by my cpa i would never buy it ever again . boycott companies that outsource to other countries , keep our jobs at home ! 
camera pos 972.txt i have own this camcorder for 6 month it 's a good camcorder , esay to use , easy to bring as it 's design purpose , pc-55 is enough for home use only one thing i want to mention here , before i buy this camcorder , i thought that i can record video on ms duo in mepg format , and it 's easy for post-edit on pc , you know , tansfer a minidv tape to computer may need a huge space to save . however , when i replay the video which stored on ms , the sreen was full of mosaic fortunately , when use dv type to record , this situation never happens . good quality . the one press photo button also becomes useless because the bad quality 
books pos 514.txt billy collins 's original voice is delightfully accessible , often blending comedy and solemnity in one poem , and always with something new to say . the playful tone of these poems can be misleading ; whether he is writing about eating a good plate of osso bucco or his favorite museum rooms , there is always a pathos lingering in the silence after the last line . most relieving is the absence of pretentiousness or haughty language . this is simply , as robert bly writes in his introduction to the best american poems of 1999 , collins 's skillful ability to & quot ; bring the soul up close to the thing&quot ; in every poem . books such as & quot ; the art of drowning&quot ; threaten to change the face and purpose of poetry in the 21st century . let 's hope there is plenty more to come from billy collins 
music pos 202.txt what can i say that most of the people reviewing this cd have n't already said . arthur is outrageously talented . it 's almost shocking . the depth of songwriting and production values are so intense . it 's extremely well recorded and mixed music . anyone into audio manipulation should just buy all of his albums right now . " stumble and pain " is probably my favourite track . the sinister tone of it and the synth effects are just superb . as with all arthur albums the vocals are dense , layered , and its something he 's obviously worked on for a long time and it really pays off on this album ! anyone new to him should buy this immediatly and buy redemption 's son straight after that . what a musician 
health neg 232.txt two main problems with this " cordless massager " . the first being that it does n't hold a charge for very long . you may get an hour use on a full charge , and that shows diminishing power as it goes . add to that it 's general lack of any real massaging capability and you have one very poor piece of equipment . if you 're looking for something to rumble a slight bit , this is for you . otherwise , save your money 
music neg 473.txt unfortunately i was extremely unhappy after listening to the album . unlike many other altan fans , i view maireads singing as the weakest part of the groups appeal despite their having chosen some excellent songs over the course of their recording career . the problem is that on this album they emphasize her singing to the almost total exclusion of their instrumentals which was what attracted me to the group in the first place . and the few instrumentals they do play are played with no spirit almost like & quot ; well i guess we have to put a few instrumentals on&quot ; kind of effort . i 'm sorry , but she has a thin voice and is frequently shrill and off-key on many of their songs . she is however an excellent fiddler and that with the superb abilities of the other members and inspired arrangements made them for me the top irish folk group . alas they have decided to stress her poor-to-mediocre vocals instead of their great abilities in playing reels , jigs , etc. i miss frankie kennedy 's flute too . goodbye altan , your best day 's are over unless you revert to the format of the old days 
books neg 16.txt anyone with intelligence can see that ann coulter is not attempting to make any meaningful or objective analysis of politics . she is using inflammatory marketing to stir up the emotions of the most die-hard , flag-waving conservatives . until this attention-seeking labeling of other americans as ' good ' or ' bad ' stops , there will never be true understanding of the complexties of american politics or foreign policy by the general public . i do n't agree with bush 's war and i didnt vote for him . but he 's not a ' bad person ' ; he did not invade iraq because he is ' evil ' or ' stupid' . i can appreciate both sides of an argument ; i can avoid generic categorizations . i would never watch any news , liberal or conservative , that had a clear political bias . why ca n't ann coulter arrive at this same level of common sense ? well , she wouldnt sell as many books ; she wouldnt be on tv . it has to be " liberals hate america " or " the conservative nazi agenda " . we have the duty as thinking americans , in the most advanced free country in the world , in these modern times of massive amounts of free information , to stop paying attention to this garbage . get the facts and stop relying on a figurehead to spoon feed you your opinions 
books pos 526.txt like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . " lonesome dove " has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n't recommend a book any more than this one 
dvd pos 116.txt i guess the reason i enjoyed the movie so much was because i went into the theatre expecting a good drama . and that 's exactly what i got . the story was very interesting to me . i enjoyed the relationships between the villagers , especially lucious and ivy . the scary moments just added to the drama . having grown up in the country , i know how scary the woods can be . i loved all the twists to the story . the only thing i did n't like was william hurt 's performance . it was too hammy . i think if this critical role had been cast by another actor , the movie would 've moved along at a better pace . but still a great movie 
health neg 318.txt though not advertised to humidify a large room , i found it incapable of making any significant difference in even a small room . i tested it , in a roughly 1000 cubic foot room , by placing a relative humidity sensor in the middle of the room , and after 2 hours not even a 1% increase in humidity ! fortunately , i was able to receive a full refund 
camera neg 334.txt i bought the 4600 for my parents in 2005. a seal in the lens housing broke in november and we sent it to nikon . when nikon recieved the camera they said it had " liquid " damage to the lens shutter area . my parents did n't send the camera in that condition , yet nikon claims that it is " impossible " for that kind of " accident " to occur at their facility . two months later i am still arguing with them over this . one of their service represatives , rob mustard , told me ( paraphrasing ) " i have 70 service orders in front of me and our facility gets hundreds of repairs each week ; i 've heard every excuse imaginable for why it is n't the customer 's fault . " besides being rude , does n't that scare you about his facility getting in hundreds of repairs each week ? ? ? ? do n't buy nikon is my recommendation . 
camera pos 554.txt this case fits the camera perfectly . you hardly notice it when it 's attached to your belt . 
camera pos 487.txt i am totally satisfied with product features . for me still it 's better than any available product from other company in this segment . i ranked this product 4 because it manual dial malfunction very often . if i select album mode it still thinks to be in snapshot mode and vice-versa . it 's out of guarantee and i 'll hv to live with it . anyway there are many products present in market in this series to go with like w50 or something like that 
books neg 235.txt this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations . in that sense , it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans . i have an objection , though , with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously , even gorgeously at times , written . didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and , worse , the result is a cold , humorless , colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup . the author , in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose , apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers . it is , in that sense , a boring little disaster of a book . 
camera pos 460.txt just as advertised , very small , very useful , great video , great photos , just what i needed this is the second jvc camera i own and both satisfy my needs 
software pos 622.txt i am a user of acronis backup and very satisfied with it and was hoping that the disk director would be the same however it is a little more complicated to use , i partitioned a drive then wanted to convert back and have not yet be able to do so , i know that you can but just have n't found out how yet , it could have been made a little more simplier to use 
music pos 614.txt i have listened to this wonderful soundtrack and i think it is superb ! ! i now know that the alien movies rock ! the tone of the music fits the movie . i especially like & quot ; ripleys them&quot ; because it reflects on what has happened with ripley through-out the movie . the cloning , learing , remebering and also meeting her clones . i would also like to say that the movie was excellent aswell . the cast did a great job , acting their hearts out . jean-pierre jeunet should be proud of the music and his film.so if you are n't an alien fan , you sure as heck will be after you listen to the soundtracks ! ~ jenna 
camera neg 542.txt sd card worked fine for a week . problems arise then worsens over time for one more week then it just does n't work anymore . problem is not the pda , nor software on it . tried to use the card on a separate flash reader / writer . tried formatting it to fat32 , create test directory , data stays on for less than one hour . i would refrain from buying this product . 
dvd neg 921.txt i was very disappointed with this second edition . my daughter and i loved the first action filled movie and had hoped this would be just as exciting . the movie dragged out for the first half , and just got worse during the second half . i continually kept looking at the clock , wondering when it would be over . we only watched it once , and it will go in the rummage sale later this year 
software neg 906.txt i gave this a 2nd star for a support call ms provided . if you do have a frontpage server , and have it set " on " , it had some advantages over ftp . i bought it for use on our family website which is mainly pictures . i 've used 6-8 programs for creating galleries over the years . i think a perl script using linux ' mogrify worked best . this works worst ! the free ones w / the digital cameras beat it . frontpage is missing the most fundamental piece to view photos - a next / previous button . you can choose from several thumbnail displays including a cool mosaic / colage type thing . once you expand it , you must remember the shot you were on , back up , and then click on the next one ! unbelievable . i know what i need for handling photos efficiently . flicr has it - cross-tab indexing of the same photo . i think picassa is close and getting closer . this was n't worth the cost of picassa - free 
software pos 278.txt i tested numerous anti-virus programs after getting fed-up with previous norton anti-virus , which would always " hang " my incoming email , causing me to redownload larger files and sometimes make it impossible to retrieve them at all . ( incidentally , this had nothing to do with the " time-out " settings . ) after testing other top rated anti-virus programs , the only one that would n't " hang " large email files , was kaspersky . even though i have my " time-out " set to only 1 minute , kaspersky never stumbles and lets go , even if it takes much more than 1 minute to download . i also like the easy to use " pause protection " when i 'm doing file clean-ups , because there 's no sense passing temporary files through a second time , and it speeds the clean-up 5 times faster 
music neg 945.txt carter burwell 's soundtrack music to & quot ; rob roy&quot ; was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it 
dvd pos 573.txt swiss-austrian actor von sydow very good and look for john wayne as ro - man soldier who uses title line 
music neg 217.txt guys...it 's not that good . i have the album on my computer , and i gave it a few listens , but...it has no substance . it 's not interesting or anything new . it 's catchy . and irritating , after more than a song or two . that 's all ( " bandages " is enjoyable once in a while , i will concede ) . if you 're looking for catchy and poppy ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) , then buy it . if you want something new and original - don't . and if you want good indie dance / electronica-type music go for something like the faint , the bravery , or le tigre . 
software neg 342.txt i purchased quickbooks 2005 ; 4th upgrade in 10 years . unlike earlier versions , this one is confusing and painful to use . simple things like making deposits has to do through contraptions . one of the reasons i upraded was to use online banking ; it 's a complete disaster . it does n't download the complete trasaction details , reconcilliations are very difficult . you will be doing twice the work to use it . once my transfer to the bank was aborted by a message saying you are low on memory and though quickbooks sent the transaction to the bank , it did n't mark it internally , so on the next login , it sent the payment again ! ! ! it has cost me $1509 of double payment that i am still trying to get back ! how you pay a bill is totally messed up , there is no way for you to mark that a bill was paid online unless it was done through quickbooks online connection . ( bank 's billpay ca n't be used ! ! ) it 's very poor in organization , you ca n't have 2 accounts # 's with a vendor ( still in 2005 ! ! ! ) . it has introduced obscure concepts as items and classes , which have no real definition and no " default " use and stop every transaction . one of the biggest thing quickbooks has done to hurt their customers is the payroll . technically you can do it yourself , but they hide that information and scare you in every step that you should ( must ) buy the $299 / year payroll service ( old tax-tables ) . in all the documenation , not once do they mention that you can do the payroll directly and this is how . compared to the earlier products , this is a huge cost . by that reckoning i would have paid ~$2000 for the previous version of quickbooks ! ! it 's definitely cheaper to buy a basic version of the software and use an accountant to do the other work and you will be better off . do n't waste money on quicken services or premium products , they will bleed you to death on your way to a mental asylum 
health pos 326.txt overall an excellent trimmer - this is what i have been needing all of these years . finally a piece of equipment that does it all . i have been very pleased with this trimmer - it is solid , and cuts without problem . i love the adjustments , and the removeable head . thanks remington , and my wife for the christmas present 
books pos 605.txt another solid text from our friend sensei demura . this is part of his popular set on okinawan weaponry and well worth the cost . portrayed in the book is weapon history , basic stances , grips , blocks and strikes . demura also covers self defense applications against many various attacks . for all karate and kobudo students i would reccomend this book 
camera neg 891.txt the camera is decent . the fact that it does n't come with the correct cable nor software to transfer video to a computer is unacceptable . what do they expect 90% of consumers are going to do with it 
health neg 640.txt printed all over the box are the words " with infrared heat " . the instructions state that you must add warm water to the machine before you start , and the infrared mechanism is supposed to maintain the water 's warm temperatures . this would n't be the case . the water cools in a matter of minutes after turning the bubbles and massage functions on . turning on the infrared light on top of the machine looks nice , but does nothing at all to keep the water warm . 
music pos 184.txt this is an amazing , beautiful album . probably a little more difficult to get into than streethawk , but after about the 4th or 5th listen , i found it more rewarding . the music is very dense , and the lyrics are beautifully poetic ( it helps that dan bejar has chosen to include a lyric sheet in the cover this time ) . a great album for any fan of intelligent independent music 
camera neg 556.txt i have had this camera for about a year and a half . i got so fed up with it that i just bought a new one . i admit , this camera takes decent pictures in good lighting when the zoom is n't used . however , this camera takes horrible pictures if the zoom is used . i would only recomomend this camera to someone who just wants to take pictures of of thier surroundings or to a younger person who is getting their first digital camera 
books neg 526.txt i was optimistic when i saw the title , but you know that old saying , " do n't judge a book by its cover . " the author has a few legitimate ideas , but any google search could come up with the same information in greater depth and better accuracy . she condemns saving animals from shelters and actually encourages people to breed animals to increase the pet population . she is no more a pet lover than i am a supermodel . her ideas are based solely on money . even if it encourages starting a puppy mill ( euphemistically referred to as a dog breeder ) . early in her book she mentions the titles of a few other books she recommends ( i have chosen not to seek them out ) , but she says do n't spend your money on them , just go to the library and check them out . if you insist on reading this book i give you the same advice . do not buy this book- -check it out from your local library ! then do google searches to get more in-depth , accurate information about any of the four decent ideas she did have , or come back to amazon.com and find a more specific book that can actually be of use . oh , and by the way , the world is already overpopulated with unwanted pets . encouraging people to add to the problem is morally reprehensible 
books neg 52.txt this book was on a very interseting topic . the author took time in studying this topic . it was about the impending world oil shortage . that is the time when we , the world , will run out of oil . it tells you about hubbert 's analysis of the time or year when the world will run out of oil . they then talk about a lot of other things like where oil comes from . then they talk about where oil is . they also talk about drilling for oil . they say it takes people over 20 drills to find oil . sometimes it will take even more time then that . then they talk about the size of oil fields . they also reexamine hubbert 's analysis later on in the book . rate plots is brought up because the more people driving the less oil we will have in the future . they talk about the future to fossil fuels and discuss elctricity and natural gases . they also talk about how much we already have so when oil runs out we need to think about all the stuff we already have . hubbert was a brilliant man . some gas companys tried to make him stay quiet but he did n't want to he told everybody . the author was ver knowledgable and i could tell he knew what he was talking about . i would n't recommend this book to anybody unless they are very smart and want to know about the impending world oil shortage . i say again the author took time in studying this topic but that was his downfall in that he went into to much depth and made it boring . when you read it you can tell the author knew what he was talking about but he got to much into detail which is very boring . i gave it a low rating because i have a short attenion span so it was hard enough for me to make it through this book 
dvd pos 323.txt i 've never been quite a fan of music dvds . by that i mean the live stuff . i much rather be there to experience it then sit at home pretending i 'm there . that 's one side of it . i 'm also a huuuuuge gorillaz fan . and i have seen them live . the show to their self titled debut . but do n't get me wrong , that does n't make me biased towards everything they put out . on the contrary it leaves me to judge them on a higher level because i only expect the best from what they 've given . with that said , this has to be literally one of the best music dvds i have encountered in quite some time . do n't worry about extras , documentaries , which while would have been nice to show how it was put together , are not here . which makes sense since the band itself is very discreet they would n't show you all that . the show itself was amazing , and it literally jumps off screen as you watch this , and i recommend you have a decent audio system as well . the amazing sound quality coupled by the beautiful visuals is astonishingly done well . the editing and the post production were so well conceived they worked on this like a labour of love and not just another dvd to sell . from start to end it will leave you speechless . as you stare in awe at the grandioso that is the gorillaz , you realise that while at first you figured them to be a fictious band in every aspect , they are quite real and very capable of producing grand music on every level . you can tell by this by the standing ovation and after the show and after the encore . only few bands have ever been able to touch me musically on such a deep level . and to put on such a show which normally you could only catch at the studio over a period of months to produce is a feat in itself . if you want special features videos and documentaries get the 2 other dvds especially now since they just released their newest one . those will fill in all that nicely . but even if you 're not a fan or just a new convert , i highly recommend you own this . no matter the age , or person you are , ( you notice this on the dvd as well ) and regardless of what your favourite genre is . because they are so massive they ca n't be contained into one . thank you damon and jamie for such an experience , mates 
health neg 736.txt same as the other review . the thermometer will not turn on . i wo n't change the battery because i do n't think i should have to pay for it if i bought a brand new product . i will return it and buy a better thermometer 
software neg 566.txt this is an extremely flawed software program . i have used quicken for more than a decade , and this product is not worthy of the name . runtime errors keep me from evening getting the program going . it contains 6 bank accounts which i cannot currently print checks from . i have reinstalled the software at least 15 times with no success . i have used every suggestion from tech support and the quicken forums without any success . i guess i 'll have to move to ms money 
software pos 385.txt when i was a kid , i religiously read many of the marvel comics . the avengers was one of my favorites . in my dreams i would have loved to have read all of the issues , but the expense would have been ( way ) too much . now , after so many years the opportunity is finally here . i was afraid that my youth would be too far removed to enjoy reading these anymore , but i took a chance and bought this dvd anyway . it was worth it - by a mile . i am enjoying reading each and every issue since the famed #1 as much as i would have as a kid . it will take a long time to get through them all , but i 'll enjoy every minute . stan lee , thank you for such a simple pleasure . great stuff for kids of all ages 
music pos 270.txt if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first . 
dvd neg 610.txt this is the french x-rated version of 99 women , directed by jess franco . the running time of this feature is 98 minutes , which means that this is probably the longest , least censored version of the film that is available . the story involves a women ` s island prison , a sadistic female warden , a lustful male governor , and the young , lovely female inmates . can you see where this is heading ? there are scenes of extreme sexuality ( especially when you consider the film was released in 1969 ) which include ( ... ) . my big problem with this movie is that the hardcore scenes are haphazardly edited into the film . in a few cases , they don ` t even seem to be part of the scenes that you have been watching . also frustrating is the fact that some of the actors taking part in the sex scenes look nothing like the actors that they are doubling ( standing-in ) for . just because a woman is wearing a blonde wig does not mean she is going to look like the lead actress that she is portraying . i guess that this movie was pushing the boundaries in 1969 , but looking at the dumb story , lousy editing , and sex scenes from a 2005 perspective.....this is just a dated curio 
camera neg 801.txt i bought this frame as a gift for my husband and he was extremely disappointed with the grainy quality of the photos . we promptly sent it back for a refund . i would recommend spending the money on a better digital frame or save your money altogether and create a slideshow screensaver on your computer monitor ! 
camera pos 785.txt the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out . 
software neg 34.txt being familiar with some adobe products , we opted to try this at work as a cheaper alternative than some other packages for simple web graphics work . boy , were we disappointed . simply put , this tool is not so much a tool , but a hindrance . utilities such as transparencies , are not only difficult to make work properly , but hidden in non-intuititve locations . dialogs are non-standard , which requires getting used to strange layouts in design . while seeminly small for just a couple items i 've mentioned , multiply this by the supposed feature set of the product and you start to get an idea of how cumbersome the tool really is . as has been mentioned by plenty of other people , it is also slow . if you want a simple image viewer , find anything else - even freeware , as i have never come across an image utility that takes so long to load , regardless of it is the first time or the umpteenth time . while i could go on about the unsatisfactory qualities of this product , i will simple reiterate what others had also said ; it is cumbersome to use , slow to use and load , un-intuitive with poor layout and design , and lacks many basic features one would expect in this form of utility . 
health neg 211.txt i use three razors . last year 's model of this braun , a triple blade rotary from the leading manufacturer of rotary razors and standard double edged disposables from the major manufacturer of razors . ok , now , let 's do some math . i get 10 great shaves from a disposable razor . i pay , on average , 40c or so for a disposable razor . that is about a nickel a shave including the shave cream . at a nickel a shave , it would take 3000 shaves before i would spend $150. would take me over 8 years . now , anyone that says any electric razor shaves better than a double edged high quality blade razor ( not even the expensive triple edged ones , just cheap disposables ) is dreaming . the blace does a much better job and much faster . but , sometimes , they can irritate the skin , but electrics can too . i can get irritated by both , sooooo , i rotate between them , and find that reduces my skin irritation problem quite well . i bought this braun ( last year 's model ) after reading the positive reviews here , and later bought a rotary razor . the basic difference is that the cheap model rotary from that major manufacturer is much quieter , shaves just as well , and cost me about 1 / 3 the price . the only thing that is better in the braun is the battery lasts longer . it is possible also , that in some cases , it gives a slightly closer shave than the rotary , but it also tends to miss spots no matter how many times i go over them . the braun also has a problem with my beard when it is longer , like when i have two to three days growth . the rotary and disposable razor breeze through that three day bush . the cleaning machine / charger that comes with the braun is a joke . yes , it cleans the razor great , but it is way oversized and you need a large space for it in your bathroom . even then , say you have that larger space , you can pay between $5.00 and $8.00 each for the cleaning cartridges . i have found they last about a month before drying out . add $60 to your annual cost to just clean your razor . the rotary cleans fine with a brush and the disposable razors with water . finally , the switch that turns on the razor is right where you hold the razor and it also locks the blade . so i am constantly locking the blade position by accident . inexcusable design flaw in a razor this price . do n't get me wrong . this razor shaves fine . it works best on short beards and works better than cheap razors . but for $50 you can get a better rotary razor and for $150 you can shave for over 8 years with a disposable twin blade . does the price difference sound rational to you ? if it does , click " proceed to order " 
music pos 309.txt rock n ' roll history has many example of band / artists unlucky , that did n't get the recognition they deserve . here 's one . what is big star about ? a rock n ' roll , slightly psychodelic , most influenced by beatles and the byrds . the first record ( #1 record - 1972 ) is the battle of two frontman putting one classic pop-rock tune after another . chilton gets the most rock stuff , chris the ballads , and also a contribution from hummel , the hippy " india song " . best moments : in the streets , thirteen , india song , when my baby 's beside me , my life is right . the second album - radio city - 1973. chris left the band , claiming that chilton was getting too much control of everything . for this record , hummel contributes more , the band goes torward some stuff slightly different , like the soul intended o my soul ( maybe a reflection of the record label atmosphere . chilton here also takes full control of the musical direction , the albm sounds not better or worse , but less laboured , sounding in some tracks , more like a rehearsal , with a great garage feeling . stevens goes great on drums , specally on back of a car . best tracks : way out west , life is white ( although the harmonica annoys me a little ) , mod lang ( very bowie mood ) , back of a car , september gurls . at a glance , big star reminds me backing home from school , playing my guitar , calling my girlfriend on the phone and waiting for the weekend to go to the beach . a feeling of youthness that does n't come back , just like those special moments in a band 's career that later , they ca n't catch anymore , no matter how hard they try . for big star , no differ , they would never do anything like these two records . and sadly after bell 's death , chances are zero to none . why did n't they succeeded . well , ego stuff , lack of stax knowledge to deal with rock n ' roll bands , and the dicotomy that was ruling the rock n ' roll scene at the time : hard rock versus progressive rock . and what about big star ? neither hard rock , nor progressive . but , despite all that rubish , big star is pure rock n'roll , guitar band , 70 's style , recognizable in many current bands recording all over the world . big star is eternal . 
camera pos 359.txt i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses 
music neg 55.txt bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible 
software pos 19.txt these are a favorite in the home . even though we have all of them , they are each different and provide hours of entertainment . skills are learned while solving puzzles some include spatial manipulation of puzzle pieces and roman numerals . great source of fun and learning . also a desire to read the actual book and see what is different and the same between book and game 
books neg 141.txt clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t . i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! ! 
books pos 929.txt this is a great , funny book . it may be my favorite jeeves & wooster story 
books pos 751.txt the opening of the mauritius command brings us some changes , especially for captain jack aubrey , who finds himself in the improbable role ( for him ) of husband and father of twins . unsuccessful and hapless in his domestic life , he immediately jumps at the chance to leave england and take over a new command . off the coast of africa , jack is promoted to commodore , putting him in command not just of his own ship but of a small fleet . in the course of the book , jack stretches his abilities to the fullest as the british vie with the french for possession of several small islands crucial to controlling the india trade . of course , dr. stephen maturin is on hand too . his facets as doctor , naturalist , and spy all come into play in the course of the novel . the previous novel , h.m.s. surprise , involved incredible physical suffering , loss , and rejection for stephen so it was nice to see him get a break in this installment . however , stephen is still haunted by what has happened to him . a dark current runs through him that no doubt will resurface in future books . the overriding issue explored in this novel is leadership and what it means to be a good leader . jack has to deal with two very different captains serving under him , one of whom is a silly and vain man who is kind and familiar with his men and thus beloved by them . the other is a brave commander who exercises brutal tyranny with those under his rule . the weaknesses of both men lead to very different disasters . in spite of the battles and some serious turns of event , the mauritius command involves more action and comedy and less angst than h.m.s. surprise , making it a lighter read . 
camera pos 794.txt i shot my second feature ( flying tiger ) on the dvx and took it to the cannes film fest market and no one could tell it was n't film . this camera is fantastic if you shoot right . i suggest this camera over all the other similarly-priced models . we have done extensive testing with many cameras and this is my favorite . the jvc is many thousands more and you get less grain with it in dark areas , true , but for the money , the dvx , if you shoot properly with it , will get you amazing results . for proof , you can check out footage shot in a ton of lighting conditions at my site . we had the best luck in natural light , with simple chimera diffusers . if you 're honest with yourself and do n't plan on hitting the lottery anytime soon ( getting a real distribution deal / full 35mm blowup ) and you need a good looking film for fests or dvd , there is no way you should shoot on film , or another camera . we shot a full feature on no money and had many distrib offers , all because of the look this camera gave us . i 'm planning on using it again for my next film . ! viva la revolucion ! put the dvx in 24p advanced mode and rip the knob off 
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
software pos 693.txt when i tried this program out , i at first had some trouble running it . but then i went to the website at : www.kutoka.com and click on the support tab and then select easyspeak spanish . they give you a link for the version of flash 8 you need to run . after this everything worked well . while some may have been offended by bathing suits . not me and not my kids . there is absolutly nothing obscene here folks . this program is the best thing going for learning spanish quickly ! and it is fun to use with the many games and puzzles that you work out with real life scenerios . very artistic and fun . you can go to the bank , the hospital , and several different places , learn a new set of words and situations . that you could really use in a foreign country . my hats off to the designers and creators of this program . well done ! ! bravo ! muy bien . 
dvd neg 498.txt you know the feeling...that feeling of " oh my gosh , how did i ever spend money on this movie and when is it ever going to end ? " well , that 's what unfortunately accompanies this dull and somber film . unfortunately , because of its all-star cast , although this would n't be the first time in movie history where an all-star cast is wasted . aside from an interesting peek into the world of yale 's secret skull and bones society , a delightful cameo by joe pesci and a few too cute-by-half zingers , this movie has little or nothing to offer . it does n't keep one 's attention and by the time you try to care enough about what is going on , you realize that you do n't even care about the characters . matt damon 's skulking and scowling leading role lacks rhythm and chemistry , especially with the beautiful angelina jolie , and he is laughably miscast as a father . in fairness however , with the script he 's been given , it 's hard to see how damon could have done much better . the pacing of the film is extradinarily slow and one can just imagine people walking out of the theater before it ends . a huge disappoinment especially since director deniro is such a talented actor . skip it 
camera pos 739.txt one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife 
dvd neg 776.txt so what kind of movie is this from the director of " i know what you did last summer ? " it 's basically another installment of the same genre with a similar set-up and similar function . deep down , venom is just another teen slasher movie . they rode into this film with the same clichd scares , a young group of teens , a psycho killer , and a traditional ending . so is it worth seeing ? that i ca n't completely answer for you . if you like more of the same old , then it 's probably going to be a blast . the filmmakers were smart enough to throw in a few thrilling moments among the mundane , overused plot . i found some parts to be slightly unpredictable , and they did a good job detailing some suspenseful moments near the third act of the film . the voodoo element allowed for some additional surprises and kept the killer from being simply " an unstoppable evil force . " but individually , do the separate factors of this film combine to make a masterpiece ? quite frankly , in my opinion at least....no . let 's take a look at some of them ; acting - well done , well directed too i might add . the acting is realistic to a degree , and brings us into the film . the actors responded ( for the most part ) realistically to the story line and i think that this was set-up nicely . the major issue here was the persistence in finding a gun when the killer is already dead , not to mention a demon child of voodoo hoodoo . lighting - dim , dark and mysterious ; the lighting definitely amplified the mood of this film . combined with the swamp-like location , i think that it sets a perfect example of what a good location combined with good lighting can do - make a relatively unattractive plot look beautiful . special effects - they set this up pretty well . a few scenes made me cringe and i felt that the artists working on the film definitely put their hearts into it...or bled them out for it . the gore was n't excessive , but just right for a slasher film , and props to the director for making that call . my only qualm with this is that they used the standard halloween " stage blood " which is just basically a thick bright red liquid that looks nothing like blood despite its color . a few of the actors squirm around in it , only to look like they 're rolling around in pizza sauce . there are a few other tacky special effects , including the last major one in the film . the killer - mr. jangles... . ? enough said...sounds like a dog . i 'll give the killer credit for being a good actor , but the portrayal needed a lot of work . the make-up kicked it up a notch , but the slow-motion style jumps and action-movie style stunts did n't do it justice . the man looked like an athlete and moved like one...not like a reincarnated being housing the souls of 13 evil spirits . although i do n't specifically know what that looks like....i 'm sure they do n't run like football players . so what overall ? it 's ok . not something i 'd be dying to see , and i 'm glad that i did n't run to the theatre to catch the first showing . it has some good moments and some bad , but does n't really stand out from any normal hollywood production . my recommendation ? it 's ok . i 'd rather go rent containment instead ; the first movie in a long time to completely blow my mind . it 's good to know that there is still some talent out there somewhere and that it still filters into the film world now and again.. . 
camera pos 563.txt i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great 
dvd pos 976.txt this is the all time , great , original classic . the remake is .......ok at best . add this to your classic movie collection . highly recommended 
books neg 591.txt this book is nothing more than a chaotic brainstorm session with no pertinent information at all . you could save yourself time with a pen and some paper and a group of friends because thats all this author did . book doesnt show you how to start up any of the ideas it just lists them . it also has a plethora of grammatical errors and is almost as if the editor did n't even bother to read it before sending it to the presses . it is a complete waste of time and not worth the ninety cents it costs to buy it used . 
dvd neg 955.txt when you look at the cover , you think it 's about a fantastic trip into a black hole , and what they find inside , but it isn't . it 's about a nemo wannabe wanting to enter the black hole . i especially did not like the ending . overall i would rate it : story-3 stars actors-4 stars music-4 stars ending-0 stars overall - 2 stars i am not insulting disney , i think it came out just how " they " wanted it to . and , as with most disney movies , the only pg part is violence . i liked the actors and the robots , but other than that , it is a waste of money 
health neg 871.txt i ordered 2 of these . only 1 came with the ac plug . that was disappointing 
books pos 544.txt in march 2006 , there are only three or four books that boast haskell in their titles . they are all excellent books . but the world can benefit from more haskell books . in fact , we are in need of such books , especially cs1 texts . this book is a pleasure to read . i suspect that even math haters will not find it hostile . anyone learning haskell will find the book and its companion web site a valuable resouce . on the web site , you will find the source code from the book , such as powerseries.hs . you can quickly play and experiment with it ; read and learn from it . i wish more books are as pleasant and affordable ( $25 ) 
music neg 238.txt this is nothing like the classic dead you 've heard about . far from it . the sound is too polished . & quot ; alabama get away&quot ; and & quot ; althea&quot ; are okay but the rest is junk . i think most dead heads would agree that this is not the one to look for if you just want some of the deads ' best music . really.. . the grateful dead with a polished sound ? ? just does n't seem to fit . save your money for one of their greatest hits compilations , plus american beauty , worjing man 's dead , europe ' 72 and & quot ; dead set&quot ; 
camera pos 438.txt this is the perfect camera for me . i take alot of close-up detail shots and the images come out great . it is smaller than my old g3 ( which i loved , but was pretty chunky ) 
books neg 712.txt i actually know where trieste was before i read this book . unfortunately i have never visited the city . i wanted to read this travel book about this famous city , but after a few chapters , i wondered where the book was going to . after the final chapter , i still do not know what the author 's intentions was with this book . perhaps i do n't read too many travel books . obviously the city means a lot to the author , but she did not express it clearly in her writing . i was scratching my head at the end , and wondering what i read . i learned a little about the city , but not in relation to the amount of time i spent reading this short book . the city of james joyce and maximillian . the imperial port of the austo-hungarian empire . the meeting point of slav , german , and latin empires . one of the ending points of the iron curtain . this city breeds interest and yet the author took us on a round about journal that confuses the reader . i am sure the author 's other books are good , her last one was not the greatest . 
music pos 42.txt i was a big fan of this band 's song " rock'n'roll highschool " , and i recently saw the documentary about them , so , when i saw this anthology selling for around $15 in australia , i thought i 'd take a punt by buying it . my thoughts on this album are similar to the ones i had for the 3 cd johnny o'keefe collection [reviewed at this site by me]. namely , overall , the album is very listenable , with some standout tracks . as with the jok album , this album is / was great value for money , considering how many songs you get for the price . of the songs i particularly like on this album , and the ones i have been listening to quite a bit , are : rock'n'roll high school . this song still rocks after all these years . do you remember rock'n'roll radio ? good song , though it never got the airplay that the previous song seemed to get here in australia . chinese rock . an easter egg song ! ! never heard this song before , but it is an instant classic . very catchy . danny says . another easter egg song . takes some repeated listening to get into , but once you do that , it gets high rotation on your cd player . to me , i can see why the ramones are considered founders of punk . at least as far as the music is concerned . however , the sex pistols truly define punk for me . they have the whole package which i identify with punk...namely , the punk sound , and the incendiary , anarchistic lyrics . the ramones are more middle-class sounding , to my ears at least . i 'm surprised at how poppy / boppy the ramones are . to me they sound like a punk motown band . one of the songs on the 2nd cd , i think , has that classic punk sound , but i did n't make a note of the title . might have to edit that song in later...could be " endless vacation " ? lastly , the song danny says , almost comes across as a punk beach boys song . overall , the anthology is often ' samey ' , but listenable nonetheless , with a handful of songs that i consider ' high rotation ' worthy . just remembered , " endless vacation " seems a terrific song too . will have to listen to that some more-i 've currently got the 1st cd in my cd player . p.s. listened to this song last night . really good-the fast talking bit in the song reminds me of the equally good , if not better song by australian act tism [or this is serious mum] - " [he 'll never be an] ol ' man river " , about river phoenix , amongst other people . tism , like the ramones , can do bad taste well . 
books neg 678.txt at first glance this is a great book . however , once you 've read it a few times you begin to notice the bottles of coke that feature in almost every illustration . the author , illustrator , and publisher should be ashamed of themselves . we all know that kids are exposed to lots of advertising on tv and at the movies , but do we really need to start worrying about product placements in children 's books as well ? this is a clever book and i was looking forward to sharing it with friends and exploring the other books in the series . the greed of those involved with this book have changed my mind , however 
dvd neg 956.txt i collect 1950s era sci-fi and i have been replacing my vhs versions with dvds . unfortunately , i need to keep my vhs version for this movie because the print that image entertainment made this from was in such poor shape . the vhs version by uav entertainment ( the wade williams collection ) is much better . hopefully , uav will come out with a dvd version soon 
books pos 993.txt brooke dojny 's new england cookbook : 350 recipes from town and country , land and sea , hearth and home , is a stunning achievement , a magnum opus of a cookbook . published by the harvard common press , the book chronicles the cookery of new england from maine to connecticut , from the first thanksgiving to the present . dojny 's approach to the region goes well beyond new england standbys like clam chowder ( although she offers three tempting recipes ) and spans practically all the food traditions of all the ethnic groups who ever called new england home . the eight baked bean recipes in the book include one for cuban black beans and yellow rice and another for west indian peas ' n rice . new england cookery has embraced food from all over the world - - besides caribbean , you 'll find culinary influences of native american , english , portuguese , italian , irish , german scandinavian , greek , french and hungarian cooks - - and all are represented in this book . yet , for all its broadness of scope , this is a very personal book ; dojny 's voice can be heard throughout , in the headnotes , sidebars and essays that describe the people and places associated with the recipes . the book is also a wealth of new england food history and lore , as well as tips on cooking techniques and ingredients . bravo ! ( excerpted from the culinary connection , the newsletter of the connecticut women 's culinary alliance 
books neg 381.txt i am an avid reader and could not make it through this book . his other books were so good . i could not have predicted what a disapointment this book would turn out to be . in applying some of the recommended techniques , my 11 year old daughter , emily , thought i lost my mind . thank goodness things are back to normal . we are both much healthier having now dispensed with the advice 
camera pos 195.txt canon 's bg-e3 battery grip is one awesome extra you cannot be without . i found the extra weight and size not to be even a minor burden . i rec 'd product 2 days after initial receiving date / 17th st photo did a fantastic job ( once again ) 
software pos 934.txt it was a relief for me to be able to keep and upgrade word and excel , and to get virtual pc ( for access ) as well . i used them a lot on my pc a few years ago , and when i first switched to mac , could n't find software that did what they did . i had no trouble installing the upgrade on my imac g5 , nor did i have trouble installing virtual pc . the only thing that was disappointing was that i could n't find out whether accessing the internet from virtual pc would open me up to pc-type viruses , or if mac 's unix system would protect me there , too . i continue to be disappointed that the mac version of this software is not as rich as the pc version . but the upgrade itself worked well for what it was meant to do 
camera neg 712.txt i 've had this battery for half a year and i agree with a fellow reviewer 's assessment that the battery does not hold much power . i am diligent about expending all energy before recharging because they have memory , but this delkin model 's life span was noticeably short . now i am going to buy a new charger / battery altogether because i do n't want to buy another delkin battery 
software pos 138.txt i love this adobe product . it works very well for me - only a couple of minor glitches - it keeps asking me to re-register - but that 's only a minor annoyance . overall it is a very good product 
dvd neg 710.txt pick any house on any street . pick any random two people ( man and woman ) , give them a script and let them go wild . i promise you could make this movie work better than the producers . nothing in this movie stood out and everything about it was boring . the acting and settings in this movie are just horrible . by the end you want everyone to die just to become interested . now , i do n't usually give bad ratings and i really like " b " horror films , but the lack of effort here is unbelievable . just nothing to interest me 
books pos 251.txt jonathan glover 's book is not quite like anything you 've read on war , state terror , and genocide . the tour of twentieth-century horrors is thematic rather than chronological , organized according to the ethical issues glover wants to explore . this takes a little getting used to , but it allows the author to jump , for example , from the first world war to the cuban missile crisis , to see which lessons had been learned in the interim and which might be applied in the future . the cumulative power of glover 's pointillist technique is enormous . & quot ; humanity&quot ; combines a clear-eyed ( necessarily often gruesome ) depiction of *in*humanity with an informed and enlightening discussion of how leaders and ordinary people can change things for the better . as an examination of the psychological and existential origins of mass murder and genocide , it marks an advance on ervin staub 's classic & quot ; roots of evil , & quot ; and should be of interest to any student of modern history and politics 
software neg 261.txt i just installed autoroute 2007. there is a feature in autoroute where you can display various places of interest on the map . in this version , for some installations you can not hide restaurants . this has been reported on the microsoft uk autoroute community website . i loaded the program on a second computer with the same result . both systems run window xp pro . this means for certain cities , like paris , at certain magnifications , the map is completely cluttered with small green squares which indicate the location of a restaurant . microsoft only indicates that they will enter this bug into the work request for the next version of autoroute . they also say earlier versions were not affected . you may want to buy 2007 but check out your ability to show / hide all of the items of interest right away and be prepared to be dissappointed . i am going to try finding autoroute 2006 for sale 
dvd pos 299.txt i was thinking about purchasing all four of these movies , but to have them together in a box set is a beautiful thing . i will not bore you with the reviews of these movies , those who love akira kurosawa movies sees the stories closely matching those of shakespeare , a clint eastwood western , and star wars . for the price and what you get , it 's a steal 
music neg 279.txt god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap 
music neg 404.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
health neg 801.txt the massager is top heavy and very heavy and will not stay on your hand . you will go nuts trying to keep the straps / massager secure on your hand 
music pos 696.txt one ca n't go wrong with this one . a classic , which according to the well written liner notes was recorded 3 days after opening night . and , a pit orchestra that sounds like a pit orchestra...before the days of electronic music 
dvd neg 334.txt i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people . it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we 're supposed to care because we 've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n't work for me . if i do n't care this far into the movie , it just wo n't happen . visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n't we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the " size 2 women " in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial . the chicago tribune called this film " sleek and beautiful . " i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers " get " that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse 's nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying.. . well , that 's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n't it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n't sit through the film , i do n't care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful.. . 
software neg 313.txt while i am sure the product does what it offers , this is the second version of elemeents that i have not been able to load on my computer . that 's where the fun begins - adobe 's support is dreadful . their website is unusuable - other than constantly trying to sell you additional products and services - and they have no human support on weekends 
software neg 485.txt this screensaver is terrible . it pauses and jerks around . very annoying . i emailed the company and never heard from them . i dont use it and i dont recommend it to anybody . thank yo 
camera pos 753.txt i 've been using 35mm slr cameras for over 30 years . for the last 9 or 10 years i have gone through several under $400 digital cameras as the technology has improved . this kodak z710 is a very economical compromise . the built-in 10x optical zoom is a great feature . the z710 does not have image stabilization ( is ) as do some of the more expensive models but if you have a moderately steady hand and you press the shutter button rather than pound it ( and the whole camera ! ) that 's not really a problem . another feature of this camera that i really appreciate is the manual settings position which allows much more creative control of a shot . check out the kodak web site for more information on this . i bought this camera from an amazon dealer for less than $200 shipped to me . that 's cheaper than a reconditioned unit ( same model ! ) recently sold on ebay 
books pos 722.txt as teachers , we all get frustrated with the limited technology in our schools . we have the equipment , but it is n't adequate for all of us to use . larry cuban explores this problem in great detail , offering an explanation as to why the billions of dollars spent across the nation on computers is n't improving academic performances . he also offers solutions as to what the nation needs to do to remedy this situation . a very thought provoking piece ! if only our politicians would read it 
health neg 555.txt amazon is claming : * great entry-level charger system * charges four aa / aaa nimh batteries in 6-10 hours * includes four 2300mah nimh aa batteries it is only 1800mah which makes these rechargeable an average capacity by today standards , while if it was as amazon claims it would have been a nice step up . shame on amazon , oversight or misrepresentation . charger is cheaply made . it can charge 4 aa or only 2 aaa . poor design . the charger that came with my camera can do 4 aaa , go figure . get something else . 
camera neg 942.txt bought this camera to have better print pictures than what i get with the digital . i 've tried using it in every mode auto , close-up , etc. but the autofocus never works so most of the pictures come out blurry ! my older simpler camera took better pictures 
dvd pos 786.txt this is a great collection . i can remember every saturday morning glued in front of the tv waiting for this show to come on . it 's truly a great dvd that not only i can enjoy , but my son is hooked on it now too 
software pos 892.txt i 've been using system mechanic 6 professional , for about a month . i 'd have to say that the overall performance of windows xp has improved greatly since installation . upon starting system mechanic , a general report is given on the overall health of windows . it fixes problems in the registry , defragments the hard-drives / ram , and boosts internet performance . all of this is done is done in a short period of time ( under an hour ) . i 've also read all the negative reviews on amazon . i 'm not going to dispute any of them , since each user has his / her own experiences using the product . all i can say , is that i 'm glad that the software worked for me . 
software neg 27.txt by reading the cover i thought it would be a great product to have . it indeed has some good items but overall this is something one can live without . games - bowling game is actually a teaser version . you can play only two lanes . others cost you extra . two other games are not exciting . themes and screen savers are mediocre . i liked the analog convertor but not too much . if you can get input from any audio device , this program can convert it into a digital format . alas it does n't convert to mp3 format . also you need to keep computer completely free of other load while recording otherwise songs will be recorded slow or fast , but not on the normal speed . dancers can provide some entertainment to young kids for two minutes but soon they find out that these dancers have canned actions . i liked ben though especially when he gets tired of dancing . bottom line - i do n't think you would regret buying this at 17 dollars but the novelty will wear off within a week . 
music neg 303.txt this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship . 
camera neg 839.txt very dissappointed . my son ( i bought this for them ) hooked it up and there is so much interference it cannot be used . audio just static and noise . i did find it interesting that the instructions tell you it might not work . try telling this to me before i purchase thank you . this is the last i purchase equipment on-line . i will stick to books thank you very much 
books neg 636.txt i'vc had this book since i was 7 years old . i loved the awesome photos of echanis doing his thing . if you like the elaborate and complex , then this is the knife fighting book for you . there are simpler ways of " getting it done " , but few are more fun to try . and , by the way , if any of you are curious as to how he died , he was killed while " training " in nicaragua . hmmm . . 
software pos 575.txt coreldraw was my first foray into vector graphics back when version 3 showed up on my desk at the small " mom and pop " screenprinting shop i worked at . back then , corel came with oodles of free fonts , clipart , manuals ... not to mention free technical support via a toll-free number . i stayed with corel exclusively until version 10 ... enduring countless patches , bugs and the dreaded " odd-numbered " curse ( if you tried version 5 or 7 , you feel my pain ) . adobe photoshop was always my photo-editing program of choice ... corelphotopaint just never quite " did it " for me . industry demands eventually delegated that i delve into adobe illustrator . being already familiar with adobe photoshop 's features , tools and " look and feel " , illustrator did n't present a huge , overbearing learning curve . in illustrator , i found the same robust features as coreldraw ... which was n't what impressed me about illustrator . adobe 's intuitive programs , and their ability to interact with one another ... seamlessly ... that is what won me over to illustrator . illustrator 's ability to edit / create pdf 's in their native format ? wow ! exporting layered vector files to photoshop ... with layers intact ? ? ? wow ! ! ! ( i could go on ) now , that being said ... there are still things that i prefer in coreldraw compared to illustrator . the extrude function in corel is much easier to utilize . the powerclip function is more user friendly than illustrator 's " make clipping mask " function . the ability to customize / edit / add shortcut keys is an amazing feature . ( again ... i could go on ) in regards to importing and exporting files from other applications , coreldraw wins , hands down . it boasts a robust set of import and export filters , my favorite being the .eps import filter which lets you import an .eps while converting the fonts to curves during the import . this is a must have if you work with an .eps file created on another computer whose fonts you lack . if i had a dollar for every .eps that pulls into illustrator with fonts blown out ... i 'd be independently wealthy . why illustrator has never implemented this is beyond me . so , to sum it up ... coreldraw is a great program ... but i ca n't imagine it being my only vector drawing program . just like in real life , you need a great team . this program , paired with adobe creative suite , meets my needs perfectly 
dvd pos 191.txt this is without a doubt , one of harrison fords greatest moments . an incredible film with some of the best visual effects i 've ever seen . very dramatic with a lot of suspense . a very well written plot and an all star cast make this a very enjoyable experience to view . a film you will want to see again and again . action , mystery , drama , thriller . there are a lot of goofs in this film if you are into looking for such , but they do n't in any way detract from the overal quality of this very well done suspense drama . i highly recommend it 
software pos 258.txt av materials for catalan are very difficult to find . but catalan is certainly worth investigating , and this makes for a highly pleasant intro . now if only eurotalk would come up with a second cd 
music pos 429.txt one of the greatest rap albums of all time . wicked backgrounds and rhyming 
camera neg 47.txt i got this for my s70. first off , in order to use it , you have to set the s70 to " radio control " ( about 9 button pushes ) . then you had better stay no further away than six feet or so ( and only in *front* of the camera-the remote does n't work from the rear ! ) . oh , and if you want to adjust your framing , forget it-the zoom is immobilized . if you need a " cable release , " i strongly suggest simply using the self-timer built into the camera . it gives you 2-second and 10-second settings , and you 're almost certain to have a steady tripod by that time . 
health pos 749.txt i ordered the happylite about 4 months before they even shipped the product , because it was the first reasonably priced ( and sized ) light to help treat sad . living in minnesota , i tend to get depressed in february , so wanted to see if the light would help . starting in oct / nov 2003 , i began turning it on at desk height at my work for the suggested amount of time . i did not use it on weekends . anyway , i think that it helped me keep from sinking so low with the sad blues in february , but it did not completely keep sad away . i spent 4 days on the beach in florida during the 3rd week of february , and that helped the most . i will indeed use the light again this winter , because it helps- -but does not eliminate- -sad for me 
dvd neg 50.txt the depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned . from the moment they reached king kong 's island the movie quickly spiraled to a painful viewing experience . i felt no sympathy for the big stupid ape . how can anyone feel anything for king kong ? he keeps a village hostage to a tiny part of an island , forces them to provide him sacrificial women , and tortures the female star of the movie . it seems so ridiculous that she ends up liking king kong . the villains of the movie were my heroes . i kept hoping they would succeed in killing him so the pain of this awful movie would end 
software neg 177.txt what a complete pain ! ..... we now use macs . however , i decided to take the california bar examination july 2006. the california bar examiners allow the use of laptops utilizing a software program written by examsoft . presently , the software will only work on windows xp . moreover , the california bar examiners will not allow any macs , even the newer macs with the intel processors which require complete re-booting into windows . as a result , i was forced to upgrade my gateway laptop , a fine laptop as far as pcs are concerned , in order to sit for this bar examination . ( that , or purchase a new laptop , which was probably the point . ) thank god for gateway computer technical support as the microsoft folks are clueless : even though the warranty on my gateway laptop expired some time ago , gateway has walked me through more issues during the installation process than i can possibly discuss here . conversely , microsoft simply bounces me around from one tech support person to the next until the telephone becomes disconnected . ..... i suspect that the marketing strategy is that new software ( any new software ) will only work with the newer versions of windows xp or vista , and since vista will be such a memory hog , consumers eventually will be forced to dump their pcs which cannot be upgraded , for new pcs . as for how the operating system actually works : a grade of fair . yesterday , the microsoft update website was down which , according to microsoft 's discussion website seemed to be a problem with other window users as well . typical 
music neg 898.txt if this is n't worst dead album then in the dark is 
music pos 648.txt first off , i 'd like to say that i am not a country music fan , but i am a johnny cash fan . he transcends the genre that turned his back on him in his later years , but here the man can do no wrong . now , i bought the 2000 " expansion " release of this concert which at the time was dubbed the " complete concert recording " . it was misleading because i had seen the british documentary ( the dvd of this is included in the set ) in which johnny & friends were performing songs i never knew existed from this legendary event because they were absent on cd . now this is the full sha-bang , complete with amazing packaging , the concert spread over two cds , and the dvd mentioned above . if you bought the previous cd like i did , let me tell you , this is worth the upgrade as it seems this is the " definitive end to all release " of johnny singing to the boys at san quentin . for new fans , the single cd release might be the best place to start since it has at least 85% of what johnny sang that night at san quentin . the rest of the legacy tracks feature the carter family , carl perkins , and the statler bros . so if you 're looking for a " johnny cash " solo concert , then get the single cd version . if you want the absolute complete version in a great package , 40 page booklet , and he legendary british documentary of this concert for the first time on dvd ; the legacy edition of this memorable night is the way to go 
camera pos 422.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures 
books pos 980.txt sadly , as a rule , i have no great interest in history . but ms. behrman 's approach brings the person of thomas jefferson to life in a way that appeals to all ages . she puts personality and emotion into her writing which makes potentially dull facts , dates and events brim with energy . this is a wonderful series and she does it justice in every way 
books neg 377.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority 
camera pos 903.txt the best binoculars i have owned , and i have had many . excellent clarity , great field of view too . nice size also not to big , not to small . you cant go wrong with this fine set , highly recommended 
dvd neg 979.txt 18th century opera dressed in 20th century clothe not my cup of tea 
music pos 638.txt i pretty much agree with ej rupert , but the good songs on this soundtrack are so strong that they make this album damn near classic all by themselves . i gave this album 4 stars for that very reason . though it was never released as a single , " my block " is one of tupac 's best songs ( pre death row era is the best ' pac in my opinion ) . i do n't think there 's any question that every rap music fanatic recognizes red and meth 's " how high " as an unquestionable classic ( and this is the grimy version of how high....not the fluffy remix ) . i still get open to that beat 11 years later . though it is somewhat formulaic , " poppa luv it " is still a dope cut from ll cool j . bone thugs n harmony , mary j . blige , and onyx contribute " everyday thang " , " everday it rains " , and " live ! ! " which show each artist in vintage form in my humble opinion . also , " sowhatyousayin ' " is the ideal west coast gangsta track in my mind . even when you get past those great tracks , you have other bangers like " kill dem all " [kali ranks] , " glamour & glitz " [a tribe called quest] , and " still ca n't fade it " [warren g.] that still make for a great listening experience . hell , even the dove shack blew up on the strength of " summertime in the lbc " . and the live version of biggie 's " me & my b*tch " is definitely different from the studio version and it 's great . there 's plenty to love about this album . i also agree that there are too many filler tracks . " what 's up star " , " ol ' skool " , " domino 's in the house " and " zoom zooms & wam wam " all fall under the filler category . actually , the filler tracks are the only things wrong on this album and i 'd say that only 10% of the album is filler . the rest is bangin' . the show soundtrack is definitely a worthwhile pick up for any hip hop fan . there are bangers on this album that make it a must own . if you were into hip hop around the time this came out , you remember when half of these songs were played for the first time . there are definitely some classic tracks on this album . i highly recommend it . also , for those of you that want more artists represented , check out the " rhyme & reason " soundtrack ( which is pretty much similar to this , but with better collabos ) . you 'll find a lot of artists there too . standout tracks : poppa luv it , my block , live ! ! ! , kill dem all , summertime in the lbc , how high ( my favorite ) , everyday thang , everyday it rains , and me & my b*tch [live 
health pos 204.txt i have used this supplement for more than five years at the suggestion of a herbalist . i have never felt better . not only does it seem to help keep those colds away , it seems to keep me more health feeling and less tired 
software pos 797.txt there have been enough changes for the better to make this product well worth the purchase , installation , & learning curve 
camera pos 93.txt i am 67 years old and started out in photography as a kid with a contact printer and a box camera . i have had all types of cameras over the years , mostly 35mm film canon slr's . i too bought all sorts of these 5-7 mp point and shoot digital cameras before returning to my true love , slr's . i have had my digital canon rebel xt about a month now and i ca n't keep my hands off of it . it lacks nothing . although the kit lense is good , i bought a 28-135 canon zoom lense with image stabilizion and have produced stunning photo 's with it . i love the way you can use the 7 points to focus , i mainly use only the center point with focus lock and never get an out of focus picture . i guess the nicest thing for me is that i now do n't have the urge to buy every point and shoot camera that is paraded out on qvc or hsn that has a " wonderful " new feature like " low light or non-shake . " this canon has every good feature in the known universe and you ca n't outgrow it . its a camera that will let you be as good as you can be , it wo n't hold you back . the battery life is great , the built in flash is good but i bought a 430ex and that 's even better . i never figure i 'm wasting money buying accessories for this camera as it will be my main squeeze for many years to come . i always missed my 35mm canon slr 's and now feel that i have an old friend back again , only much much better . believe me , you ca n't go wrong getting this camea , its beyond description.. . 
music neg 3.txt tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables 
camera neg 379.txt fuji fails to honor warrantee - do n't buy from them do not buy the fuji digital camera . they charged me $[...] for a fix within the warrantee period . their support manager told my wife the cameras are not being built well and dust gets inside destroying the gears . rather than fixing them they replace them and then they charged me for the replacement even though it still had months left on the warrantee . [... 
health neg 893.txt i placed the order on feb 28 , but did not receive the package even on april 12. i called the customer service , and was told that the item has never been shippped , while i do not receive any information about that . moreover the customer service even do n't bother to say sorry 
health neg 811.txt i have been trying to suppress my appetite for awhile . i took trimspa 32 and i think that it did better than this product . i have been taking it for a week , and along with that , i have been substituting a nutrition shake for breakfast and a salad for lunch , plus working out . dinners are healthy about 5 days out of the week . i 've noticed no change . i am taking these to be able to eat significantly less and still work out . i 'm very hungry before lunch and when i get home i have to take a nap and ca n't work out until later in the evening . i really have noticed no change at all in my appetite or my energy level , which is really unfortunate 
health pos 870.txt we needed something for our baby 's room so that we would n't have to tip-toe around the house while she was napping . we ordered this item based on the great reviews , but did n't really know what to expect . it 's much like the noise produced by a small fan , but without blowing air . it has two speeds , and complete control over the volume and pitch by adjustment of the louvers . some reviews we read said it was not loud enough . i ca n't imagine that being a problem as we have it on the quietest setting ( louvers completely closed , and low speed ) and it 's perfect . on high it 's plenty loud for a device used while sleeping . this product did the trick for us , and i would recommend it to anybody with a light-sleeping baby 
books pos 302.txt this is a resource used by all nps i have talked to . great addition to your library . 
dvd neg 411.txt a style over substance celebration of the drag queen mentality - if you enjoy misogynist bitchy dialogue being delivered by pantomime women , this movie is for you elliot 's love of drag queens overshadows the rest of this flimsy , contrived and lame narrative - clealry it 's about getting as many shots as possble of drag queen costumes against the outback setting it 's alleged stance against homophobia and plea of acceptance of difference is trite and cringeworthy if anything , this film reinforces negative stereotypes of gay men as nasty effeminate queens who are not to be taken serioulsy . sadly it 's been embraced by the same pandering gay men who think drag queens are ' camp ' and therefore funny , indicative of how off the mark they are of what defines camp ( go read susan sontag boys ) and how low ' gay culture ' as plummeted . there are plentiful nasty jokes targeting female gentilia , and a secondary racist commentary about thai women ' entrapping ' aussie men trashy and not in a good way . a must have for no brainer gay men . 
dvd pos 681.txt together with ' odyssey into the minds eye ' , two of my favorite dvds in my collection . they may be watched forever because the constant change of images and inventions cannot be retained by memory . enormous visual pleasure with appropriate soothing sound track . there is something healing in this flow of beautiful worlds and mind conceptions 
music pos 800.txt i have listened to the cuts from this cd and was amazed at how quickly it transported me back to the time . there were several tracks that i was delighted to see since the artists were not popular enough to have an entire album re-released . if you are in a mood for a good dose of nostalgia , this is the set for you ! 
camera neg 586.txt the manufacturer apparently states this case is compatible with the panasonic fz1 ( and by extension the fz3 which has an identical body ) . i bought it and can report that it is not compatible with the fz1. with just the lens cap on you have to jam it into the bag sideways and then wrestle with the camera to get it back out . if you prefer to use the camera with the lens hood adapter on the camera ca n't fit in the bag at all . there 's also no padding to speak of with this case . by comparison my lowe case for my canon eos elan provides a secure , padded repository and you can put the camera in lens down with the strap on top so the camera can easily be withdrawn again . targus makes decent laptop cases , but they have a great deal to learn about camera cases apparently . apparently it does fit some cameras , just not the panasonic fzs . considering the product is made in china one should be able to expect a bit more at this price 
health neg 305.txt these diapers are the most awfulest things i think i ever bought for my baby . i received a lot of the " swaddler " size for my baby shower and i tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . wrong . the rash came back with a vengeance . i had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . i think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin 
dvd pos 121.txt we all know the movie and story of the silence of the lambs . i reviewed the movie and gave it a 5 star rating because to me , it is one of the best films ever made . now , with red dragon , i give it 4 stars but i think this is a very good movie and what makes it so good is... . anthony hopkins , the brilliant actor who plays hannibal lecter . i do n't think this movie would have been as good if hopkins would n't have played the role of lecter . i own the original manhunter , which is an older movie and it was good but hopkins can not be beat for the hannibal lecter role . this is a great thriller film ! ! edward norton delivers a very good performance as retired fbi agent will graham . when a series of serial killing style murders start , graham is called out of retirement to help the fbi catch the killer known as " the tooth fairy " . he eventually seeks the aid of lecter to help him find who this killer is . like silence of the lambs , we find graham visiting lecter in his maximum security facility . very cool scenes in this movie with some blood and violence . this movie holds true to the book with the same name . we get to see lecter wearing the famous face mask he wore in s.o.t.l. without going further into all the details of the movie , i 'll just say this is a great prequel although it came after s.o.t.l. and the movie hannibal . also , ralph fiennes delivers a good performance as the red dragon . for anyone who has n't seen this movie , it 's a must see ! ! ! ! 
music pos 379.txt this soundtrack cd is the perfect compliment to the visionary film- -cater burwells score is a pitch-perfect aural equivocation of the profound sadness and blithe absurdity on display , with his sense of minimalist suggestiveness and rich textural instincts shining bightly.also an added bonus of the above-mentioned dream combination- -bartok 's & quot ; allegro&quot ; ( i know diddly about classical music , but bartok rocks ! ! ) , and a typically great bjork song&quot ; amphibian&quot ; ( in two versions ) , that book-ends the album with an etherial , dream-like haze 
books neg 666.txt this book expounds endlessly on how best to limit the impact of people on the backcountry in the very best traditions of the sierra club . it 's more of a philosophy book than a & quot ; how to&quot ; book . if anyone wants to learn how to backpack and / or camp , he would be better advised to buy the several books by karen berger and chris townsend , in particular the backpackers handbook 
music pos 483.txt no doubt about it , from start to finish , this is a classic for anybody 's collection . i can remember back in the spring of ' 93 when the movie came out and it was a classic as well but the soundtrack matches up to what the movie was and this soundtrack sent a big message to a lot of us about what goes on the inner cities today . this was rap music at it 's best from spice 1 to dj quik . there will not be a soundtrack like this ever again that addresses what goes on in our neighborhoods . so add this to your collection if you still love the true gangster rap , west coast fan ( like myself ) , or just want to hear a great soundtrack 
music pos 390.txt with all the recent praise heaped on smile , orange crate art still remains largely under-recognized and under-appreciated . sure , smile was supposed to be this grand copelandesque landscape of america , from plymouth rock to the grand cooley dam . but for my money brian and van dyke parks did it so much better with orange crate art. having written , what everyone unanimously agrees to be the most california of all anthems , fun fun fun , i get around and california girls , brian turns his attention to a california not of hot rods and surf , but of sun drenched valleys rich with citrus and vine . here wilson and parks celebrate and pay homage to the likes of jack london and john steinbeck . and if all this were not enough , we 're treated to my hobo heart , a latter day van dyke parks / michael hazelwood masterpiece . there 's also the lovely palm tree & moon , a dreamy little ode to a moonlit beach , territory not unfamiliar to brian . and summer in monteray is so unabashedly nostalgic it would even make clint eastwood blush . if you have n't become familiar with this so very underated collection yet , you really ca n't call yourself a brian wilson / van dyke parks fan until you give this one a fair shot . you might even find yourself humming sail away or hold back time while in the shower . i know i did 
health neg 879.txt does n't show you what station you are listening to . it starts over at 88.9 every time you shut it off . by the time you scan a few stations , it stops getting a signal and you have to start off at 88.9 , again . 
camera neg 908.txt i bought this frame to display pictures of my newborn daughter on my desk at work . i did n't really have high expectations for it , because it was so inexpensive . as soon as it was turned on i had the following problems : 1 ) five seconds after i turn it on , it always says " usb connected ! " - - and i do n't have a usb cable inserted into it ! this also freezes the device . i found a way around this by selecting the memory card to read from within this initial 5 seconds or turning the frame on without any memory cards inserted . 2 ) i cannot copy files over to it as described in pages 33-35 of the manual . my computer does recognize the usb device , but when i try to copy files over to the frame , i get a " path is not found " error . 3 ) i thought i could live with the above 2 problems if it could just show my pictures . so i used a card reader to load .jpg files onto a cf card at 400x300 resolution . when , i plugged the card into the frame , these files show up as " invalid " when i try to view them . emailed coby with the 3 bullet points above , got a response 30 hours later saying : " coby tech support to me 5:25 am ( 3 hours ago ) hello , we have received your inquiry . it appears that your unit is defective . return the unit to the retailer for an exchange . " what an inconvenience and disappointment . i will be buying a different product 
dvd neg 541.txt the only reason i 'm reviewing this movie now is because i just watched it on tv today . and the only reason i watched it was because nothing else was on . so.. . no , let 's be fair . i did enjoy analyze this , i really did , though it was n't a masterpiece that would remain with me for the rest of my life , or even for the rest of the day . and i do love both billy crystal and robert de niro ; they made a fantastic comedic duo in the first movie . i did n't have very high expectations , though , because i rarely expect too much of sequels . once again , i was proven right . analyze that illustrates perfectly why ` sequel ' sounds like such a dirty word . the original film had a spark of originality ; the sequel merely takes the same idea and the same jokes and tries to make them funny again . but of course , that could never work . it 's the same problem with almost every comedic sequel : those who have n't seen the original would n't understand the jokes , and those who have already heard them before . and that is why they fail time after time . so what does this movie have ? a great comedic duo , a couple of really funny guys . yeah , and ? fathers ' day had an even better pair , look what happened to that . a couple of good mafia jokes ? sure , sure . i even cracked a smile on several occasions . but that is n't enough . there are thousands of comedy films out there ; not many of them have that special something that makes them memorable , and producers think they 'll improve their odds by recycling the ones that work instead of trying to get new ideas . newsflash : think again . nobody watches these movies . there 's no reason to when you can just watch the original again 
health neg 33.txt i 've got this meter a month ago . i intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but i 've never been able to do so ! at rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . you have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . now i 'm using it as an exercise watch / stopwatch 
music pos 187.txt this is the jacksons second album for epic and producers gamble and huff . it would be their last with gamble and huff but together they made a great album that doesnt get the play it should . music 's takin over , different kind of lady and do what you wanna are great , catchy dance tracks . the real greatness here lies in the ballads where michael 's voice is in peak form . even though you 're gone and find me a girl are classic ballads . so good , i feel that find me a girl is probably the best michael jackson song you 've never heard . this is probably michael jackson 's most overlooked album and its one of his best ! the jacksons all sing together great and you can see why destiny and triumph were such big hits after this one was recorded . overall , great ballads , catchy feel good dance tracks , and michael jackson singing his heart out . get this , you will not be dissaponted 
music pos 38.txt i just want to put it out there...audra mcdonald is an absolute genious . everything she touches turns to gold , and i just want to smack some of you for saying that she failed in her attempt to make a great record . this may not be the audra that we are used to , but if you listen closely she 's near by . so this cd is a little less difficult vocally . so what ? my favorite quality of ms. mcdonald 's is that she is emotionally connected to whatever she is singing . she could record twinkle twinkle little star and i would want to listen to it over and over again because she tells a story . so if you buy this cd , listen to it more than once . let it grow on you . let audra do her thang children . let her do her thang . 
health neg 625.txt they 're ok , but definately not as absorbent as the overnight diapers . my son soaks through if he urinates during the night 
music neg 653.txt if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding 
software neg 364.txt i have been using this product now for almost a year . the only reason i insist using it is because i feel really bad for wasting my money . first , this is not worth $300 bucks . there are only still pictures and sound . no movies or any fancy graphics , so why the price ? second it is very repetitive and it does not advance in a very logical way so that you recognize the grammatical structures behind the ever changing sentences . third , the sentences that you have to repeat over and over are not practical at all . you keep memorizing thins like " the boy is under the airplane " or " the ball is on the boy 's head " . initially i thought , well this is because it progresses very slowly which is not necessarily bad . but then i took a look at the last lessons ; you just keep repeating useless senteces like these without real things used on a dialogue . i cannot recommend you another course because i spent so much in this one that i do not want to try again and get disappointed . do n't be fooled by the wonderful reviews like i was . this is definitively not worth 300 dollars . it is not even useful for basic converstion . i have learned much more from simple travel books and cassettes from the library . ah , and if you think that by repeating these structures alone you will understand german grammar .. 
dvd neg 879.txt this went up from one * in tribute to the neat hammy acting job from alec guiness as charles ii , but otherwise its just a mess . the film called out for a screenplay by a robert bolt or a john prebble , but instead it was penned by its director kenneth hughes , who also gave us such film masterpieces as " casino royale " and " chitty chitty bang bang " . richard harris is his usually unrestrained self , and thats not a compliment . now , i wont even go into the politics , which attempt to portray oliver cromwell as some sort of liberating hero : as ridiculous a take on the english civil wars as alexandre dumas 's paean to charles ii in " twenty years after " , but nowhere near as entertaining . 
health neg 874.txt terrible reception . tinny speaker . radio does not " remember " last used station when turned off . do n't waste your money 
health pos 85.txt these bars are supposed to be for women because they are lower cal and have more calcium . i think there are other factors as well . men are usually affraid of products like vitamins for women stangely enough , but they say that they need calcium and protein too . i really like the key lime flavor it is great . i like lemon also and the chi tea . i like those flavors because they are light tasting and i do not always have to have chocolate the way some people do . the lime reminds me of the florida keys . these are really better than the original cliff bars and when they came out i did not eat another man ciff bar . i used to eat one of these for breakfast everyday with a soy milk when i had a busy life . thankfully my life has slowed down now . it is good grab and go food 
health pos 868.txt this is the best shaver i 've ever used . it shaves closer and quicker than the many norelcos i 've used , all of which costed a lot more than the r-960. the only improvement i 'd like to see is in the battery , which does not really maintain its strength well between charges 
dvd neg 499.txt im not sure why i gave this a second star ; maybe its because i feel guilty for always loathing everything john malkovich is associated with ? directed and written by spike jonze and charlie kaufman ( the same duo who gave us the equally pretentious " adaptation " ) , this one centers around an unsuccessful puppeteer ( john cusack ) who figures out how to enter into the body of actor john malkovich for 15 minutes at a time and manages to turn that talent into riches and fame but oh my he still isnt happy even tho he gets to hang out with cameron diaz 
software pos 190.txt i am enjoying this new card shop they have refreshing great cards others do not . my friends and family that i have made cards for think they are the best also . keep making more and more . thank 
music pos 590.txt this mix starts off heavy , and never lets up , with the quirky , yet hard hitting vocal track grace ( anxiety ) by troy pierce ( as louderbach ) starting things off in a very energetic way . this track worked well in sascha funke 's boogy bytes 2 mix , but it was deep into the mix . i feel it 's even more effective starting a mix off . things quickly lighten up with the bloopy claude vonstroke next , and then it 's into the m.a.n.d.y. remix of tiefschwarz 's excellent track damage , featuring tracey thorn of everything but the girl on vocals . two solid tech house tracks follow , especially touane 's snappy track bassic , and it 's right into the gritty , churning , techno sound of thomas schumacher 's incredible track rotor . the mix then hits a very slight snag in track 7 , which i feel is one of only two so-so parts of the mix . it 's not bad , it 's just a little too light and bubbly tech house for my liking . it 's quickly forgotten as the mix races through with 4 solid tracks in a row , and right after the melodic freefall , it 's into tiefschwarz 's own remix of a depeche mode track . this is the only other slight miss in the mix for me , as i feel the track was a tad too long at nearly 7 minutes , and could have been trimmed to better fit the flow of the mix . another solid melodic track is next , and we end with the dubbed out vocals of kate wax . overall , it 's an exciting tech house mix that 's a full lineup of solid tracks , with not a bad one in sight , and very few dips in the scorching pace of one , very sound , top to bottom mix . do not miss picking this one up , as it 's easily in the top 5 techno / tech house mixes this year 
software neg 499.txt i found this software very difficult to use . it does not have any " stop " or " go back " button . the only way to exit an activity is to hit " esc " button to exit the program and then start all over . when starting over , there is a very lengthy annimated introduction you have to go over each time and i could not find a way to skip it 
health neg 400.txt i 'd give this machine 5 stars if #1 ) it was n't so expensive and #2 ) , it was n't so darn small . it barely fits anything inside . it works well for pacifiers and a rattle or two , but that 's about it . anything else just wo n't fit . and the design of the inside , with the piece in the middle , makes it even more restricting . in my personal opinion , this product is not worth the money . i am so disappointed , because it sounded so perfect . but , its just not 
camera neg 16.txt i am on my third off-camera cord ( about one per year ) . two have broken . as other reviewers noted , the four screws under the metal retaining clip on the " female " end of the cord loosen and eventually fail . i have found that a thin narrow knife can be used to remove the black " spring " cover over the screws on the shoe . you can then tighten the screws with a screwdriver . if you use locktite on the screws then they will not loosen . canon should do this at the factory . i use this cord with a stroboframe " portrait / landscape " grip which raises the flash over the camera by six inches thus eliminating red eye and providing a much more pleasing light . the stroboframe grip comes with the right size threaded screw for this cord . when my cords failed i lost the extended-through the lens metering just like another reviewer noted . i am not a professional photographer and only use the camera occasionally yet the cord still fails . canon should re-engineer this cord to make it more durable . unfortunately , i do not believe that there are alternative cords . it looks like i will need to keep buying canon cords 
dvd neg 569.txt i was so excited when this dvd came out hoping to get the four pittsburgh steelers highlight films from the ' 70s . 98% of all this material is already included in the super bowl collection sets put out last year on dvd . why wo n't nfl films step up and give us more ? ? ? this should be a steeler-specific box set , not some rehash of the entire season for all teams.. . come on steve sabol ; give us what we want ! ! 
camera pos 188.txt the other day i used a friend 's standard digital camera for a little while . the whole time i found myself missing the manual zoom , instant response and convient manual buttons on my d50. this camera takes amazing pictures . as an dslr beginner i used the camera in auto mode for the first several weeks , now after reading some books on photography i 'm slowing starting to use the manual features . the d50 lets me choose the level of control that i 'm comfortable with , from full manual to full automatic ; and both options are just a turn of the dial away . the body of this camera is built like a tank . metal and high quality plastics abound . the buttons provide good feedback and the switches feel solid and durable . it is a beautiful piece of precision engineering 
music neg 900.txt there is not enough space for me to explain why this film ( and soundtrack ) are woefully inadequate of the name dr. seuss . the fact that there are so many songs on the album screams commercialism ( what the book was complaining about , wake up people ! ) and james horner 's score which has a couple of nice moments but does n't have that seussian sound . ' where are you christmas ' is annoying beyond all reason and i mean both versions . and whose bright idea was it to have jim carrey mangle ' you 're a mean one ' ? if you 're looking for a more grinch like score , go find elfman 's nightmare before christmas 
dvd pos 775.txt this movie was always a fun one to watch ; however , after katrina in new orleans , it was the best comic relief on those days when it was all going wrong as we rebuilt the house . love the movie 
books pos 300.txt i could n't count how many copies of this book i have purchased . the most recent was for my third grandchild due later this month . this book is the best there is for the very young child . for each of my own three children , it was a stand-out favorite that was read over and over until overuse required it be replaced . we certainly could n't be without a copy ! since then , this book is always included whenever i give gifts to new parents . the book is the touchy-feely type so the child explores the soft fur of the bunny , daddy 's scratchy beard , etc. the only times i hesitated buying it for a new baby was once when the mom was unwed and the father was not involved with her or the child ( there is a page on daddy 's beard and one for mother 's ring ) and another time for a family of color since parents in the book are caucasian . 
dvd neg 187.txt i saw this crapfest in the theater and i should have known what i was getting into when we were carded not only at the ticket window , but at the entrance of the theater as well . i only gave it one star because there was n't a " no star " rating- -even though it deserves a negative rating . as a horror fan , i was intrigued at seeing the movie and as the movie started , it seemed to have alot of promise . but once we met baby and her " family " the movie went downhill at an accelerated rate . the movie was disgusting , repulsive , and made no clear sense- -at least with michael or freddie you knew what the h*ll was going on . and i thought that blood sucking freaks and blood sucking vampires from pittsburgh sucked , but corpses not only sucked , it blew . as a friend told me later , " what in the h*ll did you expect from rob zombie ? " what did i expect indeed . no wonder most production firms refused to touch this film 
camera neg 478.txt we bought one of these in the spring of ' 05. we took it on vacation in july of ' 05 and the lcd screen blacked out a few days into our vacation . i called hp and was informed that a reconditioned ( used ) camera was all that i could get . the camera was still under the manufacturers ' warranty , but their policy was to replace it with a used camera , not a new one . i had to settle for the " reconditioned " camera . it has been ok since then . hp 's customer service is at best mediocre . there are the usual annoying and seemingly endless voice prompts in order to get to an actual service rep , and since hp has out-sourced all of its tech support to the third world , i had a hard time understanding the reps i spoke to . this camera also eats a ton of batteries and takes a few seconds to engage after depressing the button , which is annoying if you 're trying to photograph anything other than a posed shot . all in all , disappointing . i will never buy another hp camera 
dvd pos 290.txt an absolute must have for all parents , families and professionals ! as a speech & amp ; language pathologist , i have worked with special needs children for 17 years , and finally i have viewed a high quality product for children diagnosed with down syndrome . informative , comprehensive and heart warming are just a few words to describe this excellent dvd . i would highly recommend it for not only families , but for all professionals working with this population . in fact , i believe it should be part of the training and curriculum for all disciplines intending to serve these wonderful children . thanks for a great product 
health neg 734.txt i searched around for a quite long time before i decide to purchase this model - the performance of this clipper is very poor , i have to switched back to my old kit to cut my son 's hair . very dispointed 
camera pos 985.txt after reading the reviews here and at [...] on this baby , i was a little cocerned about its low-light and indoor performance . let me be the first to say that my fears were largely unfounded . yes , if you film in very low light , it will darken many colors . but we 're talking 60 lux , which is the roughly equivalent to the light put off from the candles of a birthday cake . just keep the lights on when your kid blows out the candles , and viola ! seriously , i have had absolutely no problems with it filming too dark indoors , outdoors , or even when i film local bands playing in dark bars . the reason i wanted to try this camera was because it is the only flash-based camera that is receiving even mildly positive reviews . i do not want a tape mechanism that will break , nor a fragile hard drive that cannot be used in many film-worthy conditions ( think snow skiing , as the drive mechanism will freeze up on you in very cold weather ) . as i said , i was skeptical when i purchased it , but no more . the videos are far better than any other camcorder i 've owned . my last was a canon zr 50 mini dv , and this camera takes vastly superior videos than that one . the four stars is only because of the mpeg2 format this records to . i have a mac , so editting requires that i convert to dv with streamclip so that imovie can import the movies . mainly , i just do n't edit my home videos so that has n't been a problem . but if would have been nice for it to be an easier option , and it could have been if they encoded to mpeg4 with h264 and mp3 / aac , which appears to be the next standard . if that concerns you , or if you want hd , you might wait until the panasonic sd1 is available because it records in avhdc which is a form of mpeg4. of course , imovie does n't yet support that either , so you may have to wait until ilife 07 to really use it . in parting , i will also mention that the size of this unit is absolutely fabulous . i no longer dread lugging around even my smallish mini dv camera . this thing literally fits in my jacket pocket , so i end up filming a lot more than i did with previous cameras . if you 're looking for small , flash-based , and good quality video , get this camera , you 'll love it 
books neg 705.txt i cannot believe this book had such a high number of positive reviews . i have read some bad books in my life but this one is one of the absolute worst ! i am amazed that all the references to child murder and rape can be overlooked by the rest of the reviewers 
music pos 893.txt nothing deep , by any means , but simply a light , airy listen , with a compilation of quirky tropical tunes . even though the songs ( most of them ) were n't in the movie , they remind me of it , of the whole hawaiian atmosphere . my favorite tracks , excluding the ones included on the previous cd , are blue hawai'i ( by elvis ) , my little grass shack , coconut ( it 's just bizarre , but addicting , making you smile with absurdity ) , island in the sun , pineapple princess , and love me tender . again , it 's nothing dramatic or swirling , but it you adored lilo & amp ; stitch ( and how can you not ? ) and all it stood for , this cd might just bring some warmth into a cold day . do n't think about it . listen and pretend you 're there 
camera neg 855.txt when it was new out of the box it worked for baseball about 50% of the time if i was within a few feet of the pitcher or catcher . it seemed to become less effective each time i used it to the point that now i 'm lucky to get a reading 10% of the time . it still works for clocking cars but for baseball it is almost useless . 
music pos 369.txt blue note was on the mark to re-release this classic . tina brook 's style of blues laced jazz is a sound that will bring joy to your soul . a must have cd for any jazz collection 
dvd neg 532.txt while " scary movie 4 " does work in getting out a couple of laughs , it certainly does not live up to the past three . many of the jokes that were used are redundant and frankly , are getting pretty old . although this movie had a lot of different material to work with such as the grudge , saw , and war of the worlds , it misses the funny mark just by a bit . personally , i felt they could have done a lot more in terms of parodying these films , particularily with the grudge . the writers should have taken more advantage of the content they had to spoof in order to have made this film a lot more funnier . and really , was it necessary to spoof films such as brokeback mountain and millionaire dollar baby , both of which are not horror films ? i believe the comedy in this film is aimed towards a more mature audience , and is vastly different from what scary movies 1 & 2 offered ( which i found to be extremely hilarious ) . if you 're looking for over the top funny , look towards the other scary movies 
camera pos 671.txt i got this camera so i could have more control . i 'm learning to use the shutter and aperture settings...i have n't explored all the fancy settings much , but there are tons of them . i really like the continuous shooting option so i 'm more likely to catch a good action shot . the wide-angle lens has also allowed me to get some pretty cool shots and the macro settings work great for close-ups . i think it 's one of the best buys you can find if you want to take some pretty cool photos , but do n't feel quite ready for an slr 
health pos 652.txt i am one of the people who just does n't like applying liquid foundation and cannot do it well , but needs more than just the light coverage of powder foundation . the new complexion cream foundations do exactly that . i have used numerous cream ( or liquid-powder ) foundations and this is by far the best and at a good price as well ! the neat little compact includes a mirror and separate storage space for your sponge , which i love because i hate when my sponges become covered in product , all in the same space as a regular compact . i 've personally never been one to use compact mirrors , myself , however . but it 's not the package or the sponge which i love , it 's the product . it 's neither too liquid nor is it too stiff , like some products . it 's perfectly creamy and works well with the sponge it comes with . you really need n't use a lot to have even overall covered but by using more you can obtain a thicker coverage . i find that this makeup blends well with my skin and does a good job of evening out my skin tone , as well , without appearing too much like a mask . you can feel it a little but it somehow just feels right on my skin . also , i do recommend using a powder over it to reduce shine . overall , i love this makeup 
software pos 703.txt i just used this program to make wills and healthcare directives for my wife and me . i have the book-cd version . i recommend it over just the cd , because it is a better financial deal , and you do not have to read a pdf online or print it out . here are some of the features that i thought were worth noting : * the program divides a document into sections and shows you a list of those sections , indicating which sections you have done . you can resume the interview at the beginning of any section and make changes from that point on . * after doing one will , you can go to the file menu and save for spouse . this creates a copy of the will with the spouses names interchanged . then you can go through the interview and make any needed changes . * in the process of answering the questions , the program accumulates the names of people you mention into an editable contact list . after you mention someone once , the next time you need them you can simply select them from a list . this is handy when doing the healthcare directive , which needs to show contact information , if you have already entered that information when doing the will . it is also handy if you decide to redo portions of either document . when working on one family member 's document , you can import contacts from another 's document . * the program does not appear to provide the option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the only way to list two or more alternate executors is to have two or more of them serve together . this is ironic , since the program recommends having only one executor at a time . although i wanted to name my wife , children , and then siblings as alternate executors , i decided to accept just having my wife and son as executor and alternate . if all of us die in an auto accident while taking a trip together , then there is hopefully time for the probate court to name an executor . it would just be more expedient to have one already named . * i contacted customer support asking them to enhance the program to add an option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the response stated why they chose to omit that option ( " the editors choose to limit the number of fields for beneficiaries and executors to prevent the program from becoming to unwieldy " ) and some options ( export the document and add the language or return the program ) . i was disappointed that they did not embrace my suggestion ( i disagreed that it would make the program too unwieldy , since they already allow you to list multiple beneficiaries and executors that serve together at the same time ) , but i liked that i received a prompt response that indicated they had read my note and knew what i was talking about , and that they gave an honest , direct answer . * at the end of the interview you can review the document as it will print . you can then print it directly to a printer , or export it as plain text or rtf . exporting to rtf is handy if you need to change the document ( they advise against changing it ) or print it somewhere else . however , the rtf is not identical to printing directly . i noticed two differences . ( 1 ) pagination can be different , and as explained by the program , getting the pagination right is important for legal reasons . ( 2 ) the footer is always different : the directly printed copy says how many total pages , whereas the rtf one does not . if you cannot print directly to a printer , i recommend printing to a pdf to maintain the pagination and other features . if you do not have a way to create a pdf , get a free pdf writer ( search on that term ) . when you print the document to pdf , print it as prepress so you embed the fonts . 
dvd neg 453.txt hands down the worst episode of the masters of horror television show . it 's dull , boring , and not scary . it will leave you scratching your head saying " that 's all ? " do n't even bother with this dvd . it 's a waste of your precious time . 
software neg 832.txt i guess i 'm spoiled by the i spy games i 've purchased for my children . this game has an enormous amount of " story " ...it 's almost as bad as sitting your child in front of the television . interaction is confusing and frustrating . i 'd rate this lower but it 's clear that a lot of work went into the animation , which is top notch . i just would n't classify this as a learning game . 
music pos 236.txt what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic 
dvd neg 497.txt damn . there 's nothing remarkable about the second item on this dvd ; it 's your standard european-made sexploitation film . " the wild , wild world of jayne mansfield , " on the other hand , is reprehensible . it 's a hodge-podge of vacation footage of mansfield , clips from her movie project , and material entirely unrelated to mansfield , linked only by the voiceover.. . and then , after an hour or so of light-hearted softcore buffoonery , the movie cuts to her death , spending the last twenty minutes obsessing on her husband and children and the large , mostly empty mansion she has left behind . this movie has the feel of something slapped together for the sole purpose of trading off a famous name after mansfield 's death . this is exploitation in its worst form . i found the sudden change in tone , the large volume of non-mansfield material , and the sheer obsessiveness of the last twenty minutes disgusting in the extreme . those looking for cheesy bad movies to enjoy , or softcore porn to tittilate , go elsewhere ; this one is not merely bad , but evil 
software pos 199.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone 
software pos 983.txt many more fonts to choose from - - an excellent value 
camera neg 270.txt unless you take picture outside , no matter what you do , the picture comes out blurry . flash does n't help at all - it takes more than 5 seconds for it to take a picture , and you still get a blurry picture with horrible quality indoors . my sister had a camera from olympus , with 5 megapixel and 3x zoom too , but i found it so much easier to take a picture ( and a better one too ) with that one . unless you want to buy your 5th grader his / her toy camera , you should n't consider nikon 5600. 
books neg 101.txt [the above is an actual quote from the book] i do n't usually read romances , but got this one at the library . i thought : thriller . hijacked plane , navy seal...all the right stuff . and the beginning was promising . stan fixes everything , and has a human side to him that was compelling . then the plot hit the fan ! as a thriller it stunk . the highjacking was interwoven into the plot weakly , as an after thought . the romantic " tension " between the protagonists was forced and irritating . the dialogue is mundane . the message that horniness leads to true romantic ( sam and alyssa ) love is rubbish . the only worthwhile character was the highjacked girl , and i think it was brave of the author to not have her come out unscathed . the historic ( wwii ) componant was interesting . but overall , i kept asking who the audience is for this book . not lovers of thrillers like me- -and i wonder , do romance readers even care about a highjacked plane , or was that just getting in the way of wondering whether teri will ever tell sam that she loves him ! 
books neg 65.txt i was really looking forward to both the book and the movie . unfortunately i think both are very much overrated . character development is non-existent . we 're supposed to believe that the haunted , passive , timid character dave was an all-star shortstop in high school ? the book had a great premise and good beginning , but went nowhere interesting . the handling of dave 's character relies on cliche and we never really get insight into the book 's most intriguing character . 
software pos 414.txt brain builder is a series of visual and auditory exercises aimed at improving attention , concentration and memory . this consists of seven exercises , one involving visual reaction speed and accuracy and six memorizing a sting of randomly generated numbers presented audiably or visually in one of three modes- -base ( straightforward ) reverse ( you must give back the string in reverse the order given ) and flash ( visual numbers presented one at a time instead of all at once like base ) or random ( auditory where you cope with numbers being read at an uneven pace ) . you are then immediately tested by having to type in what those were . there is no time limit on response . you progress to higher levels- -which means memorizing more numbers faster during the viewing or listening- -from an initially determined baseline test taken when first starting . different voices- -men , women , adults , and children- -read the auditory presentations . all and all , i found it to be fairly sophisticated and the exercises do seem help even beyond matters of number memorization . the primary shortcoming seemed to be the lack of feedback or coaching other than telling you not to get discouraged and to keep working hard . also , the progress summeraries ( bar graphs ) fail to take into account the higher levels for scoring purposes so day to day comparison of results seems too flat . overall , i have enjoyed the program and have stuck with it although there are some days i wish for more variety and to do something else than just repeat numbers . what they say about only having to practice about 10 minutes a day- -well- -i 've had to spend more like 30 minutes or more to do enough exercises to feel satisfied with my progress 
health pos 975.txt this give an excellent finish to a shave . i strongly suggest using the shaving oil as well . apply hot water to dilate your pores , then apply the oil , then shaving cream , shave , and finally the after shave balm . the oil and balm make for an amazing shaving experience . your face feels incredibly smooth afterward . i do n't use it every day because it is a little more time consuming that just applying the shaving cream alone , but i do use the products above most of the time because of the great feel after 
software pos 497.txt all in all a fine product . has gotten excellent reviews from pc mag . norton slowed my machine to a crawl . this has not . suggest never paying full retail for it unless you absolutely have to . i 've been using it for a few years now and always manage to find a free after rebate deal on it a few months before the one year subscription period is up . it does require the user to provide authorizations the first time it sees a programs attempting to access the web . for a non techie , this may seem a bit intimidating because there will be a lot of queries from it in the first few days of usage 
software pos 353.txt you will save a lot of time by using this ocr . top notch accuracy and very easy to use . a must for all those who need an ocr . do n't hesitate 
health neg 614.txt the mirror 's light is quite dim and the magnification ( 5x ) is inadequate for most purposes 
music pos 320.txt this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic 
software pos 412.txt do n't listen to the whinnier . if you are serious about improving your focus and memory skills , this helps . you must use this program for 15 minutes everyday or you will be wasting your time and money . it is worth the effort ! i noticed immediate results of being able to retain more info and having more focus at work . i also purchased the music cd 's produced by the same company . they are helpful as well . i use them at work , at home , and in the car . the brain builder booklet mentions the cd's . if you want to stop looking stupid because you ca n't remember information or you 're tired of getting lost while driving , this will help you 
dvd neg 806.txt the only good thing on this dvd are the interview segments with gidget gein . this was the most boring dvd i have ever watched and i actually started to fall asleep the first time i attempted to watch it 
camera neg 682.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks . 
health neg 645.txt i purchased 2 of them , put in new alkaline batteries , and found that it will not cut hair as advertised . the motor is underpowered . useless product . 
books neg 127.txt obviously , from all the reviews , this book appeals to many people . i am not one of them . perhaps it 's because i do n't care for science fiction . i found the writing stilted , the footnotes distracting to the point i stopped bothering with them , the story boring , and the ending ( covered in the introduction ) to be a twilight zone cliche . if , like me , you want to read the book because it has some connection to bicycles and cycling you will be disapppointed . 
dvd neg 679.txt hey , angry young man ! if you 're going to just sit there all smug , mr. " yeah , i used to have a tv , but i busted it cuz i just do n't care , doggie , " and make fun of this nation 's fine secret service , why do n't you just go to an axis of evil nation and see how funny it is then ? when you 're sucking on rocks to stave off the inevitable side effects of dehydration . when , if you want to go to the market to buy more rocks to suck on , you have to whip yourself with metal shards tied to the end of long leather straps as you walk . and just because you saved the sorry excuse for a young lady who will become a drug addict bag lady once she gets old enough to lose hope of realizing her dreams earns you no points in my book . freedom does n't come for free , so quit whining about the draft , dick trickle ! the " moonlighting " tie-in is cute , but quickly turns sour , as bruce willis seems to have been off working on another " die hard " installment while the episode was being filmed and it 's just not the same without those sarcastic wing-dingers . bet you did n't know lou ferrigno was scorsese 's first choice for the lead , but he was n't willing to thin down for the role and he kept firing his language coaches 
dvd neg 826.txt this movie is soooooo boring ! ! ! ! the only thing good about this movie is the superfly soundtrack laced by none other than curtis mayfield ! ! ! avoid this movie . it sucks 
dvd neg 303.txt i bought this dvd becuase i really wanted to learn the dance moves in " you got served " and was extremely disappointed . the only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those , i do n't know . the freestlye section at the end is fun to watch , but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video 
health neg 11.txt i am a 20 year user of several remington products , but i must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver . the remington es-1000 utra smooth bump control shaver was designed to replace the original ( bms ) black man 's shaver which was discountinued several years ago . i recently purchased and used the es-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance . the es-1000 performed so poorly that i had to use my bms that i had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the es-1000 shaver could not and did not remove . the product should be called " ultra poor with a sandpaper finish . " the product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet . for anyone with curly hair problems , you may want to consider comparing this product against the wahl 5-star series , model # 8061. i think you will find there is a major difference in the products 
software neg 127.txt talk about junk ! no search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , yuk ! 
camera neg 790.txt after reading the great reviews regarding the vct870rm tripod ( here and elsewhere ) , i decided to purchase one for my sony hdr-hc1 camcorder . when i first opened the box , the vct870rm seemed sturdy and well made . the tilting action was smooth and had a nice touch , and the remote controls on the handle worked well . however , the panning action was so stiff that while attempting to pan , the main column would twist and the handle would bend slightly . it felt like the tension control knob was tightened , but that was not the case . in fact , the panning continued to drag severely even with the tension knob completely removed . i recently found a vct870rm review from about 5 years ago where somebody else was having the same problem with stiff panning . however , due to all of the other great reviews for this tripod , i 'm assuming that i just received a bad one . i 'm now in the process of working with amazon to get a replacement sent to me . so far , amazon has been great , as they 've already scheduled ups to come to my home and pick up the defective tripod the very next day . they say that i 'll receive my new tripod next week . i 'll post here on the status of the new one when it arrives . update : i received a new replacement vct870rm tripod from amazon , and this one works great . panning and tilting are both very smooth , and the tension is adjustable . if i 'd have received this tripod originally , i would 've given it 5 stars . the first vct870rm i received was definitely defective . i 'm glad i returned it , and i 'm glad i bought it through amazon ( best price at the time , and a hassle-free return ) 
music pos 353.txt i 'm biased , because i loved the movie and adore the book . gregson-williams does an outstanding job here ( before this , i was most familiar with his score work on metal gear solid videogames ) . the music is extremely touching and magical . the " evacuating london score " ( from the scene in the train station ) tugs at the heartstrings . and the " battle score " brings back the images of the dynamic battle at the movie 's climax . one song that 's missing is the 1940s jazz song played in the movie when the kids are playing hide and seek . other than that absence ( probably due to copyright restrictions ) , this is an excellent cd . as for the " bonus " dvd - i probably would n't purchase it if i had a second chance . it 's got some nice gallery art of movie stills and concept art . there is only one trailer , and it is not the very first one released , which opens with the kids at the mansion and really gets the blood pumpin ' with its intro of the wardrobe . there are also behind-the-scenes interviews i have n't watched yet , but i wonder if they 'll appear again when the movie dvd is released . 
camera neg 181.txt i purchased the canon powershot s500 digital elph last march . i kept getting blurry pictures so i called canon technical support . they went through the whole procedure to make sure my camera was all set up . well i followed their directions but everything was the way it should have been . so they said i should send it in because there was obviously a problem with it . then i sent it in and had to pay for the shipping there . they sent it back and said they had switched out some optical thing . well i just finally went to get my pictures developed and they all have the same problem . they never fixed the problem . mind you this was the approximately 9 months of my son 's life before the age of 2. i called tech support and ended up having to wait more than 24 hours for a call back from a supervisor . she said they would send me pre paid envelope to check out the camera . well i was greatful and had to tell her that during babysitting in late august a little boy had dropped my camera so there was damage to the outside part of the camera , but it did not effect the quality of the pictures because they were the same as prior to the day it was dropped . she said that they would probably not cover it due to the fact that it might have been caused by the dropped camera . i told i have proof of when it happened and that the pictures prior to that date are coming in blurry just like it was before i sent it in the first time . i started to cry that my son 's 9 months are all ruined and she was practically laughing when i got off the phone . the camera is worse than a disposable camera . do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . i recommend olympus . my olympus prior to this was only 3 megapixels and was better quality than this piece of junk . i am planning on contacting the better business bureau regarding this matter . please do n't waste your time on this , like i have to ! i hope this helps people make better choices ! good luck ! i wish someone could have forecasted this for me 
books pos 69.txt i read an interview with mr. vollman , i think a couple years ago , i ca n't quote directly but he said he thought that prostitutes were very spiritual people . they save marriages , they provide comfort to the loneliest , most desperate among us . in practically the same breath he observed that they spread disease and sometimes rob their johns . that kind of duality is at the heart of much of vollman 's writing . on the surface , whores for gloria is one desperate , delusional man , so eager for even the illusion of relatedness that he attempts to recreate gloria with bits and pieces of other prostitutes . it is n't fully clear if gloria herself was ever real , but regardless , it is now a quest to fill that void collage style with physical samples , such as hair clippings , as well as emotional artifacts . the most poignant scene may be the protagonist hiring a prostitute , and wanting nothing more than to hear happy childhood memories . the prostitute complies as best she can but , story after story , the narratives veer into disturbing material . the hardest thing for the human to do is to hold opposite opinions about one thing at the same time . the more intelligent and observant one is , the more painfully aware of the absurdity of this task , the more painfully aware of the mental contortions necessary to maintain the illusion of meaning . this is where the magic lies in true artistc genius , such as a thelonius monk solo or , in this case , vollman 's writing . i 've never read anything that better communicates simultaneous beauty and ugliness . and no better forum than gutter sex , which vollman renders both repulsive and compelling . and he does n't do it by being overly clever . he does it through the chaos of brute honesty . whatever compositional gymnastics go into the writing , the end product is very readable and deceptively simple 
books pos 55.txt if you like math , i guarantee you 'll like this book ! the author starts out with some very nice infinite sums from 17th and 18th century mathematics ( newton , leibniz , the bernoullis , and euler 's gamma function ) . he continues into the 19th century with riemann and lebesque integrals , weierstrass ' pathological functions , cantor 's set theory , and winds up with baire 's category theorem . reading this book is like taking a guided tour through real analysis ( = calculus of one real variable ) with the math prof you always wished you had . its only prerequisite is a working knowledge of calculus ; the main points are explained very clearly , so the reader can skip through the book or fill in the details , and will learn a lot , either way . the book is very well written , and a great pleasure to read ; i highly recommend it , for students , fans , and teachers 
camera neg 51.txt image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day 
camera neg 325.txt i really do n't know how to write a " helpful " review for this camera , i 'm not a photographer ; all i can say is that i was not satisfied with my purchase , so.. . *** if you 're having trouble deciding which digital camera to get ( like i was a few months ago ) , save your time and effort and start looking at other cameras . *** here are my complaints : flash is too strong ( blinding , in fact ) . please do not take this complaint lightly , the flash is brighter than you think ( it actually hurts , i 'm talking physical pain here ) . i actually fear it might have some long term effects , this alone is a deal-breaker for me ! it 's beyond me how this got past the testing stages at nikon . sure , you can turn the flash off . but that only brings me to my other major complaint ! the lighting must be almost perfect if you want to take a semi-decent picture without the flash . the lens do not respond well to artificial lighting , at all , pictures either come out all grainy ( if it 's slightly dark ) or with huge white patches all over if there 's a lot of light in the background . even when the lighting is almost perfect , you lose a lot of quality ( even when using the highest settings , 6mp ) . the scene modes did n't help much , i tried everything , all the different modes offer so little difference , very gimicky in my opinion . even if you want to endure the pain and suffering of the mighty flash , there 's a chance the pictures will come out somewhat unclear , why ? i have no clue what so ever . i might take the same exact picture at the same exact conditions and settings a minute apart and a slightly different pose ( but still stable ) , and one would be blurry while the other is crystal clear ! must admit though , the swivel design is very practical and makes things so much easier . the video mode is great as well . if you do n't mind inflicting serious pain onto yourself and others via the blinding flash , then i must admit , the pictures do come out nicely . ( most of the time 
camera pos 183.txt works great on my s2is , clicked on silver on main page but switched to black on order form , did n't notice this but i like the black anyway . looks good with acc 
dvd pos 759.txt this movie is very simple , and unique . it 's the kind of love story which you really believe in while you 're watching because it does n't feel phony . this can be credited to the acting , the situation , and the plot as well . this is n't about a man falling madly in love with a beautiful woman and then spending his life missing her . that 's all been done , and that 's what makes this film a breath of fresh air . river phoenix shows why he is missed by so many , and really allows you to connect with his character . i recomend this to anyone who wants to see love put to true art , and be touched at the same time 
music pos 649.txt mountain music offers what alabama is famous for , great music and great harmony all packaged together . the title cut is great , that harmonica and & quot ; old man of the mountain&quot ; intro is unique . as for & quot ; close enough to perfect&quot ; if any man sings that song to his lady , she is his forever . the cuteness of & quot ; never be one&quot ; also reminds us of the sadness that our children grow up so fast we hardly know it . there is n't a bad song on the whole cd and will make a good addition to any collection 
health neg 910.txt i bought 300 and 500 units . they are not working in my small condo . i cannot find the place to see how they finally work 
camera pos 301.txt this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 ! 
camera neg 619.txt to add on to the previous reviewers , i was very disappointed with this camera 's performance . i compared the " 5 megapixel " photos with photos taken with my canon , powershot g3 ( 4megapixels ) , and the scd6550 simply did not produce the same quality stills . the camera itself also seemed flimsy . the idea of having a two-in-one camera is so attractive . but another attractive concept , canon 's elura50 , offered a camcorder with a compact design . in the end , however , it broke down only after a year and a half . for a $500 purchase that is not a durable lifespan ( cf. reviews for elura50 and you will see that many are having hardware problems ) . this camera seemed less durable than the elura50 as i maneuvered the various parts and dials . of course , i am returning the camera before it can prove its durability . nevertheless , maybe the folks at cnet can stake their money on it . lastly , i should add that the positioning of the record button and function dials are poorly placed . i found that i had to use both hands when switching back and forth from camcorder to still cam modes as well as simply engaging the record button . this definitely takes away from the idea of a convinient solution for capturing those special moments . again , this camera is a great idea . but , i suppose we should wait until the manufacturers make one that has both solid hardware and quality image recording . this one is on the right track , but , still so far from accomplishing a quality product . 
music neg 446.txt do not buy this cd . he is definitely wack . his silly rhyme style and dull voice sounds lethargic over uninspired beats . as a member of " children of the corn " he was weak and he still is weak . the other member of his dip-set crew outshine him on his own cd...how lame is that . through away any cam'ron cd 's you own and immediately replace them with music by jay-z . 
books pos 361.txt i read this years after i 'd read catcher in the rye and nine stories and it was cool to be reading salinger again but it was n't as rewarding as the first two books were . maybe i let too much time pass and outgrew his style . i dunno . i felt as if i was reading a magazine story and not a book story . i still would read everything he wrote tho if he released all new stuff , j.d. salinger 's the man 
music pos 238.txt really nothing on this is bad . the best imho is rubyhorse , the brian jonestown massacre and the subways but a case could be made for any of the songs . the only problem is now i have 8 other cds i need to buy 
health neg 392.txt i liked this heating pad so much when i first used it that i immediately ordered a second one ( for what i expected would be a year or two in the future ) . what i liked was that the wiring was indeed much thinner than other pads , allowing it to conform to the shape of my body . however , the first pad lasted only two weeks before failing to heat . i returned it to homemedics and they ignored me . the second one lasted nearly a month before it to failed to heat . i will not bother wasting the postage to return this one , as obviously homemedics does not care about quality nor customer satisfaction . i recommend that you not waste your money on this defective product 
dvd neg 597.txt sorry to disagree with all those reviewers who loved this movie , but peter sellers did many better films than this . " dr. strangelove " was the masterpiece . " being there " is an underrated and understated sendup of how things happen in washington . " the world of henry orient " ( at last on dvd ! ) is priceless but virtually unknown , with delicious performances from sellers and especially his teenage tormentors . finally , the " pink panther " series is much better slapstick than " after the fox , " which has many famous , talented participants but is mostly silly , unfortunately not as hilariously and frenetically silly as clouseau & co. one irritant was the repetition and prolongation of gags and situations , as if we might not notice them otherwise . i agree with other reviewers that victor mature does as well as possible with the role he is allotted , and martin balsam does okay with his stuff , too . when watching this film , i kept thinking the same thoughts as when attending a mediocre restaurant - - i could have cooked up something better than this myself for a lot less money 
health neg 768.txt i did not like this thing at all . it took too long to " shave " my legs . it did n't even remove all of the hair . it irritated my skin as well . 
camera pos 579.txt this case is extremely stylish , high grade leather , with a very strong magnetic closure and a useful belt clip . highly recommended for sony t10 and other camera models listed in description 
camera pos 839.txt due to a canoe accident on vacation , mine went completely underwater for at least 5-10 seconds . but - only a trickle of water got inside . once that dried out , much to my surprise , both the af and vr functions worked fine . all that 's left is two small water spots on the inside of the objective lens ( okavango delta water is clean ! ) . do n't try this at home . next time i 'm even near a canoe , i 'll have everything in dry bags . 
camera neg 660.txt if you want to load directly from your camera 's memory card the system takes forever to copy photos to the internal card . there is no " copy all " function . loading information from a computer did n't work . the usb connection was not recognized by windows xp and i could n't find any drivers on the web . a setup cd would be a nice addition . btw the screen was not as large as one might think . it is very wide but not tall and it crops the top & bottom of most pictures making it great for shots of the grand canyon but not for portraits of people 
dvd pos 930.txt the muppets take manhattan will keep your children imused from the very begining . the music in cordination with the muppets of all different kinds keep the minds of young children going at all times . i would recomend this movie would be great for children starting at age 2.5 and older 
health neg 453.txt i 'm a fan of the line , i love the chocolate , but this vanilla was too fake tasting and too strong tasting . vanilla should be subtle , this was more like taking a shot of extract . 
dvd pos 643.txt the story is a rather strange mixture of innocence and evil with mitchum in one of his nastiest roles . it 's almost like he was rehearsing for his nastiest role in cape fear . he meets his match in lillian gish 's character who stands up to him and is just as courageous and savvy as she is " sweet " . in fact , the performances were great all around in this atmospheric film . charles laughton , in his only stint at directing , does an excellent job but i think he might have done more with the climax because it did seem that it could have been a little better and have more tension . a very good example of film noir 
health neg 939.txt i do n't know if it works or not - i just received it and all i get on it is a low battery reading 
software neg 689.txt i 'm good with computers and have used other architectural software , and this was most disappointing . in fact , if i had not bought this on amazon , i would have returned it to the local retail store with huge complaints . it was difficult to install- -buggy . it had problems rendering a drawing and would often lock up . the " objects " that you pull from its library can sometimes be opened and resized- -and sometimes cannot . hardly intuitive at all . also disappointing was the way multiple stories did not synch up . i had reasonable expectations for this software , but wish i had bought something else . for $10 it would be a good purchase . for anything over that , you are wasting your money . try another product , a demo first , or something . but in my opinion this was a big waste of money 
music pos 371.txt comparing gogol bordello and juf is like comparing apples and oranges . i have seen gogol live more times than i have fingers and toes to count on . when i bought juf i did not expect to hear anything remotely resembling a gogol album . this is a dancehall album . you like it or you do n't , but just remember it is a side project . it does not make any sense to compare it to other gogol albums . listen before you buy 
dvd neg 438.txt okay , the rating above is not going to be liked but i have to be truthful . the only good thing going for this movie was the return of " snake plissken " . this film 's plot was essentially a rehash of the original " escape from new york " ...a bit more special effects ( which in fact , did not make this a better movie ) ... when i go to a sequel i expect to get what i paid for a totally new adventure with the same character / characters . kurt russell 's character is older and even more in the know of what the rewards are before he is offered them . obviously the movie does n't really know where it 's going as it takes two scenes ( 15 minutes of the film ) ( 1st scene - president , commandant , and lackey give snake the mission ) ( 2nd scene - commandant and lackey brief snake before he leaves for the mission ) to explan to the audience what 's the basic conflict . i guess either carpenter or russell are just getting too old to take a great leap and recount either an earlier snake plissken adventure or an adventure well worth telling. . i also wish to comment that this disc has no special features besides a movie trailer.. . " carpenter....russell ! " please do n't tell me " money " caused you to revisit a " cult figure " ! some redeeming qualities are the acting performances of cliff robertson , stacy keach , steve buscemi , and pam grier . robertson , keach , and grier may be old but they can sure make you believe in their characters ! sorry , snake... . " i do n't love l.a. " the-big-green-pointy-eared-one ! 
music pos 14.txt this is a wonderful , fun and soothing cd ! it will relax children and parents will enjoy it even after the 100th listen ! ! my husband is a musician and he loves both of the dan zanes cds we have . this will now be a gift i give to all my friends and family when they have a baby 
camera pos 452.txt i needed a new camera to replace my very old digital camera , so i ordered this one and could not be happier with it . it has all kinds of features , including some manual control options like white balance , etc. for those people who like to mess with that stuff ( i 'm more of an auto person , myself ) . i used it on vacation last month and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of pictures , after taking only a few test shots to get familiar with the camera . the camera is very easy to use and gives you a basic user manual to get you started , and also a detailed manual to help you find out how everything works on the camera . the movie mode works good , too . the colors come out bright and vivid . the lag time between pictures is minimal , which is one of the main things i hated about my old 1.3mp panasonic palmcam , and the 7.1mp makes for some excellent detail in your pictures . the only bad thing about the camera , in my opinion , is that it does n't have a movement stabilizer ( or whatever it is called ) , so it can be prone to shaking , especially when you zoom using the digital zoom . i like that the camera is small and lightweight , but it is not one of those super thin ones that you feel like you could break in half . overall , i think this is a great camera , and i do n't think you can find a better camera for the price 
health pos 869.txt this is a great shaver . if you are in the market for one , considered the remington r-960. i am of afro-american descent and was very skeptical about buying a rotary we shaver . i had always gotten excellent results using remington shavers that were of the micro thin type to tackle the tough turf around my mug . with its ergonomic design , it was very easy to manipulate the shaver around in tough areas . i had considered purchasing that of another brand until i discovered that remington makes one and now.. . i 'm loving it 
health pos 160.txt i use it for the water pic function in addition to the sinus rinse tool i purchased . works great ! 
dvd pos 916.txt this movie was much better than " vanilla sky . " " vanilla sky " mostly copied " open your eyes " but was too obvious and less convincing . ( and tom cruise , though good in some roles , did n't fit this role well . ) " open your eyes " takes a little longer to draw you in , but once it has you there it takes you far beyond where " vanilla sky " does . also , the jungian dream aspect in " vanilla sky " is poorly done , whereas " open your eyes " represents the dream experience very well . i recommend watching both movies before you buy one . but if you 're going to buy , get " open your eyes . 
music pos 434.txt i 'm not sure what to call this cd other than genius . this was the first cd i 've heard from sonata arctica and it 's still my favorite . i 'm not really really big on power metal / epic metal , but i defintely enjoy sa and kamelot . with that said , i think this cd can even entertain those not interested in power metal . my friend enjors radio rock and rap , but after hearing me play this cd where we work , he begged me to make him a copy . towards the actual cd , i 'm not quite sure i can put what 's in it into words . songs like silver tongue and broken have a very distinct , unique sound . the ballads , draw me and the misery are both superb efforts , each making the listener feel tony kakko 's pain . my favorite song would have to be a dead heat between the misery and gravenimage . the keyboardist in this band works in overdrive in each song . he plays fast , and keeps the melody in each beautiful and interesting ( and lighthearted at times ) . the guitarist plays very fast when he needs to , and the right power chords other times . he 's quite good . overall , the sound they eminate is as uplifting as it is rocking . they do a great job . the lyrics seem much better than older releases ( english lessons ? ) but still can be a bit odd . " ...with long haired drummer in band " springs to mind . still at least they write about mundane things.. . i love kamelot , but the knight in shining armor routine will get old eventually . anyway , the vocals are very well done , he obviously quite talented and the band harmonizes quite well , too . ( they 'd make queen jealous ! ) overall , i ca n't praise this cd enough . every song is an adventure , none of them a tedious or unnecessary one at that . i would say that anyone could enjoy this cd , but i 'd first recommend it to those who are tired of the american screamfest metal that 's going on today . then i 'd recommend it to power metal fans , and so on . simply put , this is one of the best cds i own . give it a chance 
camera pos 934.txt multi-element add-on lense used with kodak dx-7590 provides good wide-angle capability . note that this is a very large add-on lense ( screws into dx-7590 extension-piece which costs an additional $20 ) . does the job well in most portraiture and scenic applications , however two caveats : ( 1 ) slight curvature of field in extreme corners of wide-angle shots ( ie , corners of shots may be noticeably out of focus ) . suggest cropping to 95% of original picture to maintain sharpness across plane . ( 2 ) size of lense will render pop-up flash and outside the lense focusing system ( ultra-sonic ) less functional . 
books pos 732.txt this book was an amazing account of the spanish in north america . many of the themes that occur during this time period occur in almost every time period and place . dealing with religious intolerence , slavery , econmoy , unification , and the influence of all people on one another this book captures everything . themes this book expresses about this time period are even more evident in today 's information age as more people from different backgrounds and heritages come together on the internet . this was a good book to read , and made it easy to see the flaws and benefits of the past showing what not to , and what to , repeat 
books pos 522.txt i 'm a big koontz fan and as is generally the case , i greatly enjoyed this story . it was a little strange but that 's to be expected from this author and genre . that said , it starts off fairly quickly and flows well through most of the book . it had the curious sense of near-division in that the book almost seemed to be separated into two distinct sections that were not , in my opionion , as well-connected as in many of koontz 's other books . in addition , the ending seemed a little hasty . thus i gave it four rather than five stars . that said , i would gladly recommend it to a friend as i would most any of this author 's work 
software pos 749.txt it seems no longer possible to buy ms word as a stand-alone program so to get it one buys microsoft works suite . this way one gets word one version back from the most current version - plus encarta , streets and trips , etc. when purchasing be sure to distinguish between the cd version and the dvd version . the latter comes on a single disk ; the former on about six . also , note this is not the same as microsoft works - a suite of programs often preloaded on a new computer . it has its own " peculiar " word processor , spreadsheet , etc. for more than word , look for the student and teacher edition of ms office suite 
camera pos 958.txt very good camera . this was a present for my wife as she needed a new camera . she picked it out and liked that it came as a complete kit . directions can be hard to follow at times and could be printed larger . takes some getting used to . zoom lense works great and takes good pictures . where the on-off button is so close to the shutter , you have to be careful that you do n't accidentally shut the camera off . she is very satisfied with it . 
camera neg 979.txt this was my second camcorder - after a canon that lasted 2 years but developed motor noise . this panasonic literally suddenly died after only 3 months ( well , 3 months and a week - thereby a week too late for the warranty and a " too bad , so sad " response from panasonic ! ) . i had used it to film a wedding - it had terrible indoor quality and poor sound quality and obviously had a short pathetic lifespan . do not buy this camera 
dvd pos 613.txt a pure and engaging story of redemption amongst family , ` you can count on me ' tells the story of sammy ( laura linney ) and terry prescott ( mark ruffalo ) , siblings who lost their parents in a horrific car crash when they were still very young . years later and sammy is a single mother of 8-year-old rudy ( rory culkin ) , she works hard at her job at the bank , now run by over critical brain everett ( matthew broderick ) , and she struggles with telling her son just how much of a jerk his father really is ( josh lucas has a great cameo as rudy senior ) . when terry shows up after months of no communication sammy is immediately thrilled , but shortly after his arrival she realizes her brother is still a screw-up and is just using her , again . terry shows up in need of money to pay for his girlfriend 's abortion , but when his girlfriend tries to commit suicide he decides he needs to take a break from his life and so he stays with sammy and rudy . over the course of a few weeks terry has made a deep impact , especially in the life of young rudy who idolizes him . this film follows the changes each of these siblings make , changes in themselves but also changes they cause others to make . it 's a beautiful story of redemption and acceptance and it should n't be missed . the performances by the two leads are outstanding , and young rory culkin is adorable and mature as sammy 's son , but the real shock to me was matthew broderick who played the demanding , philandering , unlikable type brilliantly , and he 's not one i 'm generally impressed with 
camera neg 440.txt nice looking . good quality . but the case has two large flaps on the sides which make it difficult to put the camera in and out . 
software neg 859.txt i got this as a present about two years ago , and i have had mixed feelings . i like it , but i get really frustrated because the program is buggy . i cannot create a standalone executable , and the program has random bugs . also , it is very hard to create proffesional-type games . be aware that the machine you run standalone programs on has to have a video card , regardless of whether you use it or not . in conclusion , good idea , but very buggy 
software neg 871.txt this was my first year using turbotax , and it 's also my last ! since 1992 i was a faithful user of hr block 's taxcut for mac . in spite of it costing more than the windows version , i used it every year except for 1995 when various problems related to my aol dial-up service prevented me from using it . since turbotax is the only option out there for people who use a mac , you 'd think i 'd be continuing to use them for now on , - but you 'd be wrong ! i purchased my copy of turbotax deluxe from amazon.com to save $5. since taxcut made certain that no information from it 's software could ever be imported by other software , i filled in my personal data as i began . i was a little disappointed that turbotax does n't allow you to skip the " step-by-step " method , and just fill in the actual forms the way taxcut did as an option . while the downloads were an annoyance ( 6 or 7 separate files each time ) , for the most part the software was ok . picking up from where you leave off was n't always possible , but 5 or 6 clicks would get you back to the right spot . my first major annoyance came with the state software . after filling in some data , and seeing the overall results , i wanted to look at the forms to see what they were doing with my data . i also needed to see where they had placed data that was imported from the federal information i 'd entered . well , there 's no way to see your data on state forms until you 're finished and print them out ( or preview as .pdf files from the print dialogue ) . when you do that the software somehow magically creates the state forms for printing , but the state forms do n't seem to exist anywhere else except in that print spool ! i found this extremely annoying , and a real time waster . the final blow , however , was when i got to filing . the advertising is an unnecessary annoyance . since i do n't owe any state taxes , i just usually print those forms out and mail them in - - - it does n't make any sense to me to pay for filing something when i do n't owe anything and i 'm not going to benefit from that " faster " refund . then i came to the crusher . turbotax wanted $30 for e-filing my federal forms ! ! taxcut charged $14.95 and $15.95 , but then they always rebated the cost . i was told that intuit used to do that , but obviously they decided to make some additional money this year . earlier in the day that i filed the saw the head of the irs on cnbc being interviewed . he said that e-filing makes their job so much simpler . well , if it helps them that much , they should devise a way for computer users who buy software to file returns directly to the irs without intuit , h r block and the others as middlemen . and they should let us file for free if it makes their work so much easier . while i have had my doubts about the services that allow you to fill out online forms , and then do your filing for you , i have n't heard of any security problems with them , so that 's the direction i 'm planning to take next year . as far as i 'm concerned , turbotax blew it by being unfair with their e-filing fees 
music pos 436.txt the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today . 
software neg 325.txt it 's time to switch to any product but a symantec one : what was once the best security software company for pc users is now the worst . it was time to upgrade my systemworks premier to the 2007 version , so i checked out the ' 07 features online . but where was password manager ? hell , i have 187 passwords and logins i depend upon password manager to fill in - - at least 30 of them a day . after an hour on the phone with allegedly ' english-speaking ' symantec csr 's in bombay , the story i got was that customer surveys prompted them to ' drop ' password manager . not being stupid , i said , ' let me guess , symantec 's going to roll out a stand-alone password manager to extort another $40 from me' . ' oh , no , sir , no , no.. . ' and here it is : a $[...] rip-off , nothing but password manager - - not so cleverly disguised as ' the vault ' - - along with other features ie7 provides for free , and marketed as a ' new ' online security program . symantec seems to put more effort into playing marketing games with their customers than they do into making the programs they sell work correctly . norton anti-virus is a mess ; it 's once-a-week wednesday night updates are now a joke : launch your attack , release your new virus on a thursday morning and you 'll have millions of nav subscribers at your mercy for at least a week . three times in the past few months , nav has failed to stop an attack - - after several years of never failing . systemworks too seems to be causing more problems than it solves ( i 'm continually rolling back to undo ' fixes ' one button checkup or windoctor creates , after the ' fix ' crashes my system ) . goodbye , norton , hello mcafee - - or anybody else . this rip-off - - deleting password manager from systemworks only to regurgitate it as this bug-filled mess called norton confidential - - is the last straw 
music neg 735.txt i agree with " music fan " about this cd . eden is a good album , and she 's a good artist . but either this album was poorly produced or something , because this does not show her best . i would n't classify this as world music at all , because the instruments are n't used and it 's more classical pop ; if that 's a genre . it seemed rambly to me with many of the songs sounding similar and lacking originality . i love her , she 's unique in her genre . but she really shines as a classicist , with classics , her work by andrew lloyd webber ( who she married ) and operatic albums . this is what she 's best at , so her collaborations on eden and la luna , which are classical in nature but still allowed her to branch out musically , turned out good . i have a lot of her albums , but i would n't buy this one . it 's more something to listen to once . a few of the songs are good , the album is n't terrible , but it 's not very good 
camera neg 433.txt just bought a sony t9 in tokyo last april 10 , 2006 ( 7 months ago ) . and suddenly 2 weeks ago , the screen went dim practically can not see anything . the power on / off also not working . all happened at the same time . try to repair at sony service station in shanghai as i am residing there for the moment . very indifferent customer service staff refuse to repair , despite that i do have a world wide guarantee card and the receipt from the tokyo shop as well as the complete boxes . the sony people there are really not helpful at all . most probably we suspect , they do n't want to shoulder the cost for repairing under guarantee from sony worldwide . it is shameful for such a big name like sony . definitely , i will not buy again from sony . change to olympus for the replacement and also cancel my bravia lcd purchase . i do not recommend buying goods from sony as you might have the same experiences ( poor hardware quality and services ) 
books neg 661.txt i found two paperbacks at work , which were both thriller series , both written by women , both having two word titles with the first word being " blind . " one of the two i found exciting and satisfying , and eagerly read it . that was not this book . at first , i thought it was just me . unlike others , i found it easy to get into the book . but i found it too new age for me . between eve talking to her dead daughter to the creepy aldo to jane 's connection with the murdered cira , i decided i did n't need to read the whole novel and checked to make sure jane and trevor survived . maybe this was n't iris johansen 's best book . but i 'm not going to be trying any of her others , based on this one 
software neg 854.txt i have been a long-time act ! user . my biggest complaint is recovery . if you have to move the email and database to another computer due to a failure you have to jump through hoops ; that 's just what one feels like doing when the pressure is on . i still ca n't bring my act ! 2007 email over even though act ! says it was restored successfully ( empty folders ! ) . they have a ridiculous technical support team unwilling to help unless you pay , pay and pay and their knowledge base must have been restored like my email : non-existent . the earlier versions were great . i agree with a previous reviewer that when they switched to sql it all went downhill . i think i 'll stick with anything else . it is really ashame . act ! used to be fast , tight and clean ; now it is clunky , lethargic and hangs for 20 seconds on all the time ( for some stupid reason ) running on an a 2.4 dual core amd with 4gb memory . even when symantec had it they did n't screw it up , but now , you may be better-off sticking with the palm pilot contact management software- -well , maybe not 
camera pos 291.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non 
music pos 283.txt overdrive , watching the rain , enchanted , teaching myself to dream , glow , lemon , because i can are really excellent songs , this album is really worth it . 
dvd pos 614.txt ed friedlin is a monthly writer for bass player magazine . he covers in an excellent way how to slap , pop , mute , develop a groove , how to play with drum machines , ghost notes , and does some licks in larry graham , louis johnson , and marcus miller style and it is laid out in a very good manner . very good instructional video 
dvd neg 732.txt the transformers gets my vote as the worst movie of the 1980's . it pains me to say this for i am a fan of the series . it was a travesty to see optimus prime ( the greatest of the transformers ) fall in battle and pass on the matrix of leadership to a successor ( rodimus prime ) who proved incapable of leadership . galvatron was a pathetic reincarnation of megatron- -he lacked the malevolent cunning of megatron and behaved like a raving lunatic . why would a decepticon warrior follow him into battle ? as for the new generations of autobots and decepticons introduced in the movie , they were forgettable . it amuses me that " fans " are raving about the movie now yet they did not pay to see the movie when it was released twenty years ago . the transformers failed at the box office and i am glad it did . as a fan , i was insulted . perhaps these other " fans " have allowed nostalgia to blind them to the ugly truth of this outrage . 
camera pos 328.txt up front : if you 're considering this lens , stop considering - and buy it . i had occasion to try the tamaron zoom in this range and noticed plastic-y digital qualities in some of the tamaron 's highlighted-texture areas . none of that is a problem with this canon beauty . i am using it as my normal lens . the contrast is razor-sharp enough to shave with . it 's graphic in monochrome and colors are pure and leap off the monitor like a politician attracted by a tv camera . it 's also light weight and plenty fast enough with practically no spherical abs... . tiny problems include an understandable perspective bulging on subjects about the edges . and there is some blue fringing on very high contrast edges . photoshop nails the latter dead'er than britney spears ' career . i 've had a need for reasonably large blow-ups , with most captures cropped , yet still enlarged up to prints that are minimally 13x20. at that size not only does this lens reproduce a subject 's pores , but you can peer down and see the stuff inside the craters . 
health neg 863.txt the straightener works ok . it straightens my hair better when it is dry . i have very course hair . i still had to blow dry it to get it to straighten out , and go over it a few times to really make it straight . the remington is to thick , so you can not style the hair at all with it . the worst part about this particular straightener is when i leave it plugged in and have it shut off it keeps making a beeping sound ? ? i have to unplug it to make it stop . i just bought a chai straightner for about three times the cost of this , it is only 1 inch thick so it styles the hair very nice , but it straightens my hair the same as the remington . i have only had it a few weeks , so i am intrested to see if the chai causes less damage as it claims then other straighteners 
books neg 391.txt native tongue by carl hiaasen this book is fast paced , has a lot of energy , and a zany weirdness . no doubt , it is a page-turner . and it is better than the other book of hiaasen 's i have read , double whammy . but all that does not a good read make.. . a strength of hiaasen 's books are his characters , well defined and numerous . most are straightforward stereotypes , from the out-of-luck journalist-turned-publicist , the vapid sex-phone girlfriend , a steroid-doped strongman , the crude-and-sleazy millionaire bad-guy , a muscular-but-clear-minded black good-guy cop , to the dumb-but-intrinsically good-guy burglars , and loads of redneck florida " crackers " . hiaasen makes this cast interesting by having them jump through zany hoops , and by casting two characters that are quite original , an environmentally-militant 70+ aged woman , and an environmentally-crazed former-governor-gone-wildman . and we meet psychotic whales and sex-starved dolphins . etc. etc. so what 's wrong . mainly , it 's that the book stays at a level of tv-sitcom-gone-book . it achieves zero depth in dealing with any subject . one might think that the exception is the environment , but the story is so inane that it cannot achieve traction even here . so perhaps native tongue is just pure entertainment ? if you like brainless action , gratuitous violence , gross humor , and zany " fun " , native tongue might satisfy . i have one additional problem with hiassen , and it 's similar to the problem i so often have with michael crichton . these books stink of hypocrisy . crichton makes a ( seriously good ) living off nifty science ideas while constantly bashing that same science . hiassen 's heroes work hard to rise out of the trash heap of modern society , but hiaasen 's writing routinely wallows in that same trash heap for supposed laughs and zaniness . while i enjoyed a few sections of native tongue , i had no doubts at the end that i had wasted many hours that should have been better spent 
camera pos 522.txt i purchased this camera case for the kodak z650. this case is perfect for the kodak z650. it looks and feels like a high quality camera case and does allow for the storage of an sd card or two . i 'm very happy with this purchase 
dvd neg 742.txt i would give this -5 stars . after sitting through about 20 minutes , i gave up on seeing anything remotely entertaining 
software neg 723.txt they changed pretty much everything . for starters they completely removed all of the normal menus such as file , tool , and edit . which means you ca n't use the keyboard for quick and easy menu access . well maybe you can , but you would have to memorize all of the commands instead of having the nice little visual cues which made previous versions of office ( and almost all other pc programs ) so much easier to use . you basically have to use the mouse for everything . and in my experience there is no faster way to repetitive stress injury than over-mousing . the ribbon is just awful . first of all it 's huge . it takes up about four times the space of my customized toolbar . they place nearly every button imaginable on it . and as far as i can tell you ca n't change it around or simplify it . every function is displayed all the time whether you need it or not . which makes finding anything a real pain in the neck . you can make the ribbon retract which at first glance seems nice . but in reality it turns what used to be simple 1-click operations into 3-click operations ( extend ribbon , spend several minutes searching for button , click button , retract ribbon ) . good grief ! what a pain . this software did n't last 24 hours on my system before i restored my old version of office . this new interface is about the most awful thing i 've ever seen on a computer . i know of certain free open source office suites that i prefer to this monstrosity . that being said i still prefer any and all previous versions of ms office to the free one . in fact i would rather be using my old wordperfect from 1995 than this *thing* that ms is trying to shove down our throats . if only i had n't thrown that disc away six years ago.. . before you " invest " your money in this software i strongly recommend you download the free trial version . then buy an earlier version 
music pos 221.txt i wore out my tape of cypress . afoot is great , but cypress is amazing . i bought this while stationed in the army . there were n't too many " new wave " tapes available at the px , and i was n't going to listen to def leppard or bon jovi . so i bought cypress . one of those rare tapes that i bought 20 years ago and still listen to every few months ( the jam 's snap and setting sons , and the smith 's hatful of hollow are 3 other tapes i never tired of ) . get this cd . get it now ! it is great . thanks for reissuing it . 
camera neg 938.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
health neg 419.txt i just purchased a new heating pad to replace the one i had for years . i read the reviews and could not decide between all the choices , price being the primary concern . the saying you get what you paid for is true ! ! the heating pad works ok but the outer edges of this pad scratch you and the covering cloth is very cheap . pay more and be happier 
camera neg 214.txt boy , this is way too much to pay for a hood on this lens . it 's a great a lens , but this is hardly worth the price 
camera pos 643.txt at least for now it is : - ) . during the course of the past 10-12 months i have owned 7 , that 's seven , digital cameras : canon s230 ; kodak v530 ; 5 different models of casio's : z60 , z600 , z850 , p700 ; and most recently presented my wife with a red s770 for valentine 's day . i also had a pretty good chance to evaluate canon sd450 ( my brother-in-law owns one - it was actually a gift from my wife and i to him for his 21st birthday ) , casio ex-s600 ( a good friend of mine owns one ) , and panasonic dmc-tz1 ( once again , a gift from my wife and i to my father-in-law for his last birthday ) . if you read any of my digital camera reviews ( and i 've written a few by now ) , then you know that i 'm not particularly fond of canon 's lately - i think they are overrated and overpriced for what they have to offer . as i also mentioned before , i 've tried several different kodak models ( and i used to work for the company too ! ) , but all of them turned out to be a waste of my time , to say the least . i became a big fan of casio 's , although not all of my experiences with them were great . but being a huge gadget " freak " that i am , and constantly wanting new " toys " , i have always craved for more . over time , my tastes in digital cameras have changed from having a simple point and shoot type of camera to wishing for more power and manual control . so one by one , i returned / sold all of my cameras , and after extensive ( and i really do mean extensive ) research , i got myself an lx2. i must say though that i probably would n't have without getting to know my father-in-law 's tz1 first . i was actually quite impressed with it . powerful zoom , sharp lens , decent picture quality . i also played with some other panasonic models in various stores just to get a better feel for them , as well as spent a few hours on the phone , and exchanged numerous e-mails with a friend of mine who owns an fz30 , and who swears by it . unfortunately , lx2 was not available anywhere locally , but i felt that i got a pretty good understanding of what panasonic 's cameras are all about , and after some more thought and consideration , i went ahead and bought it from amazon ( nice thing about buying from amazon is that you can always return whatever it is you bought , including digital cameras , within 30 days for a full refund , no questions asked ) . i did know about the " noise " issue at high iso 's , but it was n't a decisive factor for me , and i 'm glad i did n't pay much attention to it and got the camera anyway . it turned out to be one of the best purchases i 've made in a long while . here is why : pros : - superb design . this camera is wonderfully crafted . and i absolutely love black ! it gives the camera a nice , clean , professional look . i do n't think i 'll be buying another silver camera soon after having this one ; - intuitive controls , and menus . i charged the battery , put it into the camera , and started using it and taking pictures right away , without even going through the manual once ; - a load of features , including a large , bright , widescreen lcd ; wide angle , super sharp leica lens with a 4x zoom ; mega ois - optical image stabilization control ( optical means it 's done mechanically , which is a true way of doing stabilizing , comparing to other cameras where it 's done by " tricking " the camera into using higher iso 's ) ; and many more . in addition , it has a joystick for an easy access to different menus , has a number of manual controls , as well as provides ability to shoot in raw format ( more on that later ) ; - it comes with silkypix developer studio software for working with camera raw files . for someone who is not familiar with raw - it 's a " pure " , camera specific picture format . it varies upon a manufacturer , meaning that canon raw is different from nikon or panasonic raw , for example . and it 's " pure " in a sense that it 's of a much better quality than a standard jpeg ( jpg ) , and does n't suffer from loss of information , such as white balance , or brightness . there is a lot more to raw than that , and i 'm not going to go into details right now . what i want to say , however , is that having previously owned a camera which supported raw format ( casio ex-p700 ) , i must have tried about a dozen of different raw editing software packages , including products from adobe , ulead , arcsoft , photofiltre , picture window pro , acdsee , lightzone , image broadway , and more . silkypix delivered by far the best results of all . the only one that i would probably put next to it is bibble ; - noise - what noise ? ! i really hate it when i hear people complaining about noise in this camera ( after having it tried myself ) , or any other compact digital camera for that matter . are you really that nave that you think that you will get absolutely no noise in your images using a compact digital camera ? think again . you might have noticed that i 've used the word " compact " several times here . i 've done it on purpose - it is inevitable for a compact digital camera to produce some noise . some cameras are better than others , but no matter how hard you try , you will see some . this camera is no better or worse than any other one that i 've had / tried . at higher iso 's ( above 400 ) , it 's slightly more visible , but who in the right state of mind is using anything over iso 200 on a compact digital camera , such as this one , anyway ? i always have mine set to a 100. if i feel that it does n't get the job done , i shoot in raw ; - picture quality is very good . yes , it does take some time getting used to , but once you familiarize yourself with everything this camera is capable of , you can achieve spectacular results , especially if you do n't mind doing some post processing . as much as i like everything this camera has to offer , there are , however , some things that kind of irritate me . here is a short list of bad things about this camera , otherwise known as cons : - first of all , this camera has actually been somewhat misrepresented . it 's been advertised as a 10.2 megapixel camera , which is not entirely true . 10.2 mp resolution is available only in 16:9 ( wide ) aspect ratio . two more ratios are available - 3:2 , and a more conventional 4:3 , but those offer 8.5 , and 7.5 mp resolutions respectively . so if you compare this camera to others that do n't have a widescreen format , or if you prefer to shoot only in a regular 4:3 mode , then this camera should only be referred to as a 7 mp digital camera ( because not all the pixels are actually effective ) . obviously , panasonic is aware of it , and marketed it having higher pixel count on purpose , to boost consumer 's interest ; - i expected to see a compact digital camera . what i got instead was actually a smaller compact camera than i expected . i was really surprised to see how small , yet convenient to hold and operate , the camera body was . what i did n't like , however , was the lens . not the lens itself , it 's actually quite superb , but the fact that it sticks out . i like cameras with lenses that retract all the way back to the camera body . i realize that it would probably loose some features , like the wide angle , and perhaps zoom , but i still wish it did that . it would be so much more.. . umm.. . compact ? ! the way it actually is makes it quite difficult to find the right case for it . almost impossible , i should say . i 've tried a few , but they are either too small or too big . i just ca n't find one that would fit right . i put an order for an slx1b case for it , which is specifically designed to fit lx1 , and lx2 models , but i hear they are not that good . we shall see ; - i 'm not a big fan of a pop-up flash . i always keep forgetting to open it when i need to use it . and it also seems a bit flimsy . i 'm treating it as carefully as i can , but i just ca n't stop thinking that it might break soon ; - i hate the lens cap ! ! ! there , i said it . it 's probably just one of those small annoyances that keep frustrating you until you get used to it , but for now i 'm not really happy with it . summary : despite very few minor negatives , i think lx2 is probably one of the best , most innovative cameras on the market today , and i sure am glad to have one . it offers more than any other camera in the same price range , and can even compete with some dslr 's when it comes to picture quality . if you are someone like me , who wants to have more control and / or learn more about digital photography , or a dslr user who just needs a solid backup to carry everywhere , then this camera is not be overlooked ! highly recommended 
camera neg 143.txt i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; - 
music pos 651.txt this is a wonderful view into what is the best and worst about a tedeschi concert . she can be as soulful as the best of the blues singers but it also exposes her weakness : she just ca n't rock enough to provide the balance her act needs . she 's terrific on the ballads but is n't a good enough guitar player to hold up the guitar playing for a band so they have to make do with her fabulous vocals . she 's got solid keyboards and vocals in support , so it 's not apparent until half way through the gig . but keyboards ca n't provide enough of an edge to the very few fast , upbeat songs and the whole concert lags . zzzzz by 2 / 3rds of the way through . look at the audience at the end of the concert when she plays a lethargic version of " i fell in love . " very few people ( besides the b3 player who has kept the only energy up through the show ) are energized . put this dvd on when you 're in bed with a glass a red wine with your loved one and the fireplace is going and it 'll be terrific , at least until you fall asleep 
books neg 793.txt if you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away . informative to general audiences , it provides little scientific support for its contention . with the wealth of information out there , this was not the critical review needed , nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect 
software pos 572.txt after looking at the other reviews , i was a bit puzzled . i have n't had any of the problems other folks mention . pdf converter professional 4 does n't do everything that programs costing five times as much money . but , who cares ? background colors in a business form ? why ? ? ? ? do n't buy a camry and say " gee.. . i liked my lexus better . " most of you are going to buy this program to do one - or both - of these two things : 1 ) convert pdf documents into completely editable word docs , excel worksheets , or one of dozens of other formats.. . 2 ) combine documents of various formats into a single pdf . picture a customer manual that consists of word , excel , solidworks , quicken , powerpoint and project documents . you want to put them all together in one document complete with table of contents , bookmarks and thumbnails . voila ! this is the proram for you ! and for these purposes , pdf 4 professional is superb . it is easy to use . we have several users , and not one has had to refer to a manual or on line support . to put pdf converter to the test , we recently scanned , then saved-as-a-pdf a crooked , not highly legible fax . we then converted it into a word document , and roughly 90% of it came through perfectly . amazing . highly recommended 
books pos 242.txt be aware that the reviews for a book are displayed not only for one edition , but for all editions under the same title . the oxford philosophical texts edition of hume 's " treatise " should be the standard student edition . the prometheus books edition is cheap , but it does not include a modern introduction or any study notes . i recommend the oxford philosophical texts version if you want or need more than just the raw text 
camera pos 550.txt buy this cable through amazon and you wo n't be sorry . i looked all over the internet and its sometimes hard to find a good company online to buy through and after the manufacture was sold out these cables , a friend told me about amazon , i typed in the cable number and amazon had it in stock . i decided to order this and hope for the best well sure enough the cable arrived on time just like amazon said . i know have a great working usb cable for my digital camera . i order three since all my friends and family always ask to borrow mine and the fact that i need a replacement . if i had the money i would buy five of these . its the fact that me , my family , and friends are always misplacing are cables or losing them . so i order this cable through amazon . its nice to know if i lose my cables i can buy more . ever since i bought these cables i have been making sure i know where i put em . be happy and buy with no worries 
music neg 393.txt i purchased this album because i am a fan of the last poets . upon listening to the samples provided by amazon.com , i thought i was getting an album that would contain very similar content to the last poets : some great politically charged poetry , perhaps accompanied by some funky beats . however , when i listened to the whole cd , i was disappointed to find out that the vast majority of the tracks sound the most like " get out of the ghetto blues . " if more of the tracks had the sound of the title track , this would be a five-star album , in my opinion . true , scott-heron has a lot of great social commentary throughout the album , but not in the form i had hoped for . i would take the last poets ' album " this is madness " over this particular scott-heron album 
software pos 310.txt ok , it is big ( 4 cdrs ) . and a full install will require over 2.35 gb . but it loads quickly and offers nice greeting card variety along with pretty sophisticated card customization options on all pages of the card . as in previous years , it also installs event planner . if you do n't want to use event planner you can stop it from starting with windows by going to start / all programs / startup group and deleting the entry for event planner from the startup group but if you do n't have a similar program , you might find event planner to be useful . i found setting up this program for my auto-duplexing ricoh color laser printer easy enough to do , so setting it up for other printers will likely be pretty easy also . the quality of the printed cards is really astounding , even my normally " picky " wife thinks they look very nice and acceptable for any use . i suppose your results could depend on your printer but if your printer currently prints nice graphics and pictures , then the cards should turn out very nice . i recommend using heavy card stock for a professional looking final product . cards that default to printing out in the 1 / 4 sheet size ( four fold ) format can easily be printed at 1 / 2 fold size and the graphics and text remain outstanding . i never experimented with the " partial install " that would require disk swapping but save hd space , so i cannot if that would be a nuisance or not . overall , there is nothing i 've found about the program that i do n't like . 
camera pos 706.txt i am very satisfied with this purchase . it is exactly what i wanted . i purchased 5 more as business gifts for important clients 
health pos 393.txt over the years , i have tried many different brands and types of heated rollers and i never liked using any of them . i recently bought a new set which i had to return due to the fact that i had a terrible time trying to roll my hair on the almost smooth surface of the rollers and then after clipping the rolls , they would immediately fall out of my hair....scream ! i bought the remmington #1080n wax core roller set and i have finally found the easiest and quickest way to curl my hair . the rollers surface , when warm , grab the hair ends immediately to allow great control when trying to roll even short hair . the rollers are held in place by a full clip which looks more like a comb so the clips do not leave a ridge in my hair . once heated , the rollers are relatively cool to the touch ( no more burned fingers ) but due to the wax core , the rollers hold plenty of heat and it takes just a few minutes after setting to produce excellent , long lasting results . the set takes about 10 - 15 minutes to warm up . i 've found the warm up time takes longer than the time i actually leave the curlers in my hair . this is the best curler set i have ever used . if i was to ask for one change , it would be a quicker warm up time . however , just the fact that rolling is so quick and easy , makes up for the few extra minutes of preparation . i 'm hard to please , so my recommendation says alot . thanks remmington ( i still do n't like your other regular rollers ! ha ) 
camera neg 347.txt although easy to load a smart card , this viewer was disappointing in quality . my pictures look fine on my computer , but the pictures were dark and there was no instruction on how to change the contrast etc. ( although i found that it the picture could be adjusted , it was never mentioned in the manual ) . the manual is , because of the comment above , disgustingly incomplete . if not going through the bother of returning it through amazon because i purchased it on line , i would not have kept it . i actually bought another digital frame that was smaller and cheaper and it was worse , otherwise i would have given it only one star . i could have purchased a unit a circuit city or bestbuy and been better off 
music neg 999.txt will not run on my computer.. . love the content however i keep my music on my hard drive and was looking forward to working out with this album on my mp3. i will be demanding a refund ! do not buy if you have a mp3 supported car stereo , if you plan on playing at your computer. . it will not work due to ill conceived piracy protection ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
books pos 396.txt i do n't think customer lee kane is quite right when he says that tag gallagher 's labour-of-love book is mainly about the films . gallagher 's writing is spare and lean but he gives at least as much biography as the purely biographical books 
camera pos 890.txt i have had several digital cameras and this tops them all ! ! ! ! everything they say about it , is true . i love not even having to think about batteries , i did n't believe what people said about the battery life , and i was just happy i did n't need to think about batteries , but i just got married and my 13 year old daughter took more than 100 pictures with this camera and her pictures are almost as good as the photographer i hired and yes the camera battery lasted all day and thru the next 4 days on our honeymoon with another 200 pictures taken , no low battery light ! ! ! ! ! i even going to buy my parents one . also , one more note i love how fast you can take pictures , no wait 4 seconds between shots . i had a kodak digital before only 1 1 / 2 years old and hated it , i hated the download procedure , it did n't put your pictures onto your hard drive , but in it 's own little cubbyhole and trying to attach them to your email was absolutely a nightmare , you 'd have to identify the picture copy it to your desktop , remember what you called it and then attach it your email . this is the main reason why i purchased this camera . i will never own anything else , especially a kodak . 
dvd neg 365.txt jennifer jason...can someone puhleeze tell me why she always plays the same role ! and why all of her characters have seriously bad elocution ! the so called ~bostonish...or upper crust- -east coast accent does not include..slurring your words as if a consonant was too much work . it as if her upper lip is never engaged at all..not even to smirk ! does she have a botox complex..use your face..including your upper lip.. . but then again...maybe she was acting just like dorothy parker..who ahem..happens to be dead. . ! ( no disrespect intended. . ) jennifer beals played her little tiny wee part with so much more depth and nuance..why did n't she play parker..i believed her character ! gwyneth..love her. . ! bit part..but she added a much needed warmth to the film. . i cared for one character..and the best part was his bit giving a financial report..i thought that was brilliant. . ! bravo..but mr. benchley was the most endearing and 3 dimensional character..thank you. . will someone please make this film over..and do it right. . ! and do n't just call up your buds..for a tupperware party and say..hey..lets make a movie. . ! dorothy parker deserves much much better..i ca n't even imagine the biting remarks she would print..how about. . ' it 's all about me..and i hated it. . ! but the costumes were nice. . 
books neg 51.txt the scientific method applied to this book : 1 ) form a hypothesis : great managers do something differently than mediocre managers . 2 ) conduct an experiment : interview 80 , 000 managers . 3 ) analyze data : ? ? ? this step is missing ? ? ? 4 ) draw conclusions : write this book . with the exception of the " 12 questions " , the authors make no attempt to back any their conclusions with the results of their study . they make several insightful statements , such as " many managers say they would like to define the right outcomes . " however , they do not even attempt to tell the reader how the study led them to this statement . did 90% of the managers interviewed state this ? did 60% of the great managers state this while only 10% of the mediocre managers did ? does " many managers " mean 100 managers ? 100 managers seems like " many managers " at first , but considering 80 , 000 were interviewed i 100 managers is a negligible amount . the entire book consists of several rational statements that are not supported by their study . it seems to me that after conducting a huge study to find out what great managers do differently , the authors found almost no common trends . however , since they put a lot of money and effort into conducting the study , they needed something to show for it and wrote this book . if buckingham and coffman did n't claim this book was a result of " the largest study of its kind , " i would say it offers some decent advice ; however , since it does make this claim , i wish they would have back up their conclusions so the readers would be able to determine how valid they are . 
software pos 425.txt this is a very good racing simulator ! but it 's no arcade game so if you want to jump into a car and race around with little or no practice this is not the game for you ! it will take you time to perfect the driving skills and learn the handling characteristics of the various cars . you 're going to need a good wheel and pedal combo to get the most of this game . graphics are very good , but the race car physics and handling are exceptional . highly recommended for racing sim fans , not recommended for the casual race game player 
camera neg 239.txt my cannon died the day before my daughters birthday so i ran out and tried a bunch of cameras in the morning and bought one . although this camera is 6 mp , my 3.0 cannon took much clearer pictures . i have had this camera for 9 months and i am sending it in for the second time for repair . first the power button stopped working , and then on easter ( something about holidays ) all of the functions of the buttons switched . when i pushed delete , the menu came up . even the mode selector was n't working . it was reviewing the pictures in all three modes . i will say that sony support online is very helpful , but i need something more reliable . i am done with this camera 
books pos 318.txt at first , i found this book to be difficult to digest because it appeared to be heading in a direction that was in sacrilegious conflict with my beliefs as a christian and a catechist in the catholic church . yet a part of me was also highly fascinated and captivated by the story , especially since i work as a mental health professional . as i keep reading , i discovered that it was n't sacrilegious at all but rather a story of general faith and hope , of the extent a mother would go through to protect her child , and of the intrusive nature of the media . i particularly liked the strength mariah showed during this conflict , despite her past history of nervous breakdown . and i like the way the character of ian evolved from a sleazy teleaetheist to a caring and more moral man . the secondary characters were all wonderful , in particular mariah 's mother and the lawyers on both side . i thought the trial was once of the most interesting parts of the story . as with all picoult books , this was a deep and heavy novel which was n't easily breezed through , but it was definitely a compelling and awesome book to read ! 
music neg 375.txt i love the who , a big part of my youth , probably in my dna , but let 's not kid ourselves : this is professional rock and roll made by professional rock and rollers . is there any lyric here that pete has n't written before ? still writing about getting your first hit single ? ! and sadly the music sounds like face dances and all the best cowboys..etc , but not the who sell out or empty glass . the band itself sounds faceless , generic . the only redeeming features are the raspy passion in roger 's voice and pete 's right hand . i hope the complete album makes garbage of this review , but unless pete has written truthfully and passionately about something or anything of what his life and the world has been like in the last twenty years i 'm afraid , like wire & glass , it will only be a rehash of previous works , no matter how good it sounds . here 's hoping i 'm wrong 
camera neg 259.txt i bought this camera in oct 2005. i brought it everywhere . loved it . in april 2006 , the lcd screen blew . canon replaced it with a refurbished camera . in march 2007 , the exact same thing happened to the screen and now they will only repair for $97.00 , as they have determined this is the result of impact damage . how they determine this is unclear to me , as it was not dropped or impacted...apparently , you will spend 100.00 / yr maintaining this camera . that , to me , is the hallmark of a faulty product . unfortunate - as i really loved this camera 
books pos 72.txt beginning with the introduction , i was taken on a fabulous journey . these gifted authors write a wonderful narrative . lande 's snapshots add a lot to this impressive and comprehensive companion . they are as engaging as any short story in the new yorker ! i found the collection of old posters designer appealing integrated with beautiful photography , as one would expect from national geographic . the guide is uniquely for both armchair and active travelers and two books in one . the first carefully expertly evaluates top ten lists on everything travel related , from hotels to hideaways , national parks to international markets . subjective of course . we all have our favorites . i particularly liked a chapter called " ten best things to do on sunday afternoons in ten cities " . part two includes literary and historical journeys , elevating this travel guide above all others . ready made and travel ready . i 'm on my way on the road to mandalay ! the book ends at lands end , with a country-by-country supplement to best destinations . what a travel kit ! national geographic 's ten best of everything is passport perfect in every way . you 'll love every moment . 
dvd neg 164.txt i bought this dvd to replace a worn video from the bbc ( british broadcasting commission ) . it was a bit of a shock . the original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through . it also now has a poor voice over . the whole feel of the film has been removed . all the pbs...and viewers like your rubbish ? where 'd that come from . it was totallly funded via the bbc . the pbs editions mess up may have been funded by someone else . my copy is going free as i wo n't be watching it again . sincerely , do yourself a favour and source out a bbc edition . i give it ( 5 stars ) it is an awesome package . inspiring and well told . something to watch again and again ( hence i 've worn out the video cassette 
health neg 328.txt it dose good for the bikini area . however you have to hold it at a back angle for the tweezers to grab the hair properly . it did not work on legs at all . it would pull a few hairs but broke the rest . with out the guard it feels like it is scraping the skin . the tweezers area is so small it would take a week to finish a leg even if it did grab the leg hairs . razor attachment dose not work to my satisfaction . 
books pos 472.txt for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art 
software neg 584.txt i am extremely unhappy with this product . it is defective . i gave it as a christmas gift to my daughter and was very disappointed to learn that it does not work . 
dvd neg 369.txt i read all 33 of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate . there were so many brilliant things said about the film , that i found myself passing out " helpful " votes ( to both positive & blisteringly negative reviews ) like they were candy . the movie is an evocative work of art . i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view . i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers , but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned . the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers , a sort of " blue lagoon " from the renaissance . it is not . it is misleading . i concede a ) the story is probably not historically accurate , b ) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition , & c ) tossi was probably inconsiderate , conceited , and immoral . but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters . having said that , i do object that the movie , according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available , is not just inaccurate , but oppositional to what probably occurred . therefore , i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person . the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional ( or incorrect ) causal factors . and those cause-effect relationships do n't seem to ring true . having said that , i agree with some of richard burt 's review comments that " historical accuracy " may still be subject to interpretation . it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial ( defending her freedom and reputation ) than she might have been with tassi personally . and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done . there is usually more complexity and diverse / conflicting interests in most people , especially artists . one strong objection - near the end of the film , artemisia says , " no one dies of sorrow . " while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment , the line frustrated me . people do die of sorrow . my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest , most sensitive , artistic , and caring people i 've encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow . and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow . not selfish , controlling , or passive-aggressive sorrow , but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified & misunderstood misconceptions . sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit , character , the soul , & creativity . sorrow is not incidental . sorrow can destroy health . or as the angel of america in " angels in america " says , " the body is the garden of the soul . " sorrow is worth full attention . the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia 's loyalties to her father and her teacher . the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply " good " or " bad " ; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia . her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression . they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts . at the same time , they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices , privacy , and pacing beyond her desired level of influence . artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father 's drive and design . at the same time , she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society . may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find . and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties . compare caravaggio 's " judith beheading holofernes " to artemisia 's version of the same painting . her version is more violent , realistic ( less idealized in posing , dirtiness , lighting , etc. ) . her version has the female servant actively helping judith . artemisia 's paintings show a palpable understanding of hate , violence , sexuality & compassion . artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best . that 's why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions 
dvd neg 602.txt holly played by kristen miller ( she spies , man of the year ) has a nice career as a journalist with her friend played by brooke burns ( baywatch , death of the supermodels ) . the 2 of them fight over the owner of a restaurant named zucas ( i think thats close enough ) runned by actor tod babcock ( guard dogs , poor white trash ) . when holly gets pissed off at her friend because she slept with mr. babcock she tries to find a new place to live and low and behold she finds a new shy roommate tess , played by allison lange ( the hillside strangler , roswell ) . holly becomes close to tess and they seem to hit it off real well , until holly finds out some things about tess that makes her think that maybe this wasnt such a good idea . well , in 1992 , jennifer jason leigh did this to bridget fonda and now they make a sequel about it , wow , they must of went threw tons of scripts just to get to this one . pretty much the young girls on screen are eye candy and the acting is pretty bad plus the twists and thrills arent that great . this can go down with basic instinct 2....in the trash can or the skeet shoot , one of the two . also starring francois giroday ( carpool guy , framed ) , tracey mccall ( not another teen movie , second degree ) , rif hutton ( osmosis jones , halfway decent ) and kyme ( school daze , geppetto ) . 
health pos 934.txt i love the olay regenerist line ! moisturizes your skin and makes it smooth . you will see a big difference after the first use ! i 've been using this product for 2 years now and just recently started the serum and it 's great . 
camera pos 282.txt yes it is a very fine lens . is and 105 mm long end are also appealing but after buying this i decided to sell it in favour of my ef 24-70 2.8l after 2 weeks of usage . f4 makes clearly the autofocus slower and fuzzier . bokeh is also worse than the other one . the viewfinder gets darker in 1.6 crop bodies . 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . plus the macro option is weaker on this one . if you do n't care about the weight go with the ef 24-70 2.8l imho . 
camera pos 558.txt yep , we love this camera ! amazon got it to us just in time for our trip to las vegas and we got wonderful footage and great still shots of our trip . the still shots are amazing , you can really zoom in close and get great clear shots of things our regular digital camera couldn't . in fact we tested this and have proof , as we had both cameras with us . my son got a great close up of star jones from far across the gathered crowd , right up to her face as if he were standing right in front of her , and my photo from the same area is so pixilated and blurry you ca n't even tell what the subject was ! i love that we have two cameras in one , video and stills , so we do n't have to carry both . i really like that there is a separate card for the still photos so low battery power does n't threaten to wipe the memory clean . we eventually got a longer life battery but the one hour did just fine on our trip . it would be nice to have a separate battery charger , but it really did n't get inconvenient , we 'd just plug it in while we slept and we were ready for the day when we woke up . and the price was excellent for all the features we got . yep , we love this camera 
dvd pos 231.txt they just do n't have movies like this anymore . this is not a movie that makes charlie sheen or tom berenger appeal to the young audiences who like flashy stars on sceen . this is amovie to show you the reality of war and experiences that happened to people in the past . charlie sheen stars as a man who volutarily goes to war . this seems odd and he figures out why everyone was looking at him so weird when he was telling them this later in the movie . he finds out alright . keith david plays his friend who tries to keep his spirits up and this is definitely his best role . he cheers him up in a great scene where they get extremely baked . the supporting cast in this movie is unbelievable and no flat performances here . overall this is my favorite movie of all time . it has stood the test of time and never fails when i want to see a good movie . i just have the old special edition , not the 20th anniversary but the extras are very nice . it has a commentary from the direcotor and a seperate one from the military advisor who worked on the film . there is also a lengthy doumentary about the making of and when i saw this i was mroe than glad i got the special edition . you would nto believe what the actors went through ! it is a great making of . 
camera neg 232.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
music neg 929.txt item never came . however in their defense refund was promptly given out . i only wish that i had a chance to receive this one 
music neg 44.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
dvd pos 502.txt i really enjoyed this movie ! its not one of the best and a little cheesy ! but easy to watch and one of the funniest films ive seen him in ! just a shame he never got to show us what a good actor he could have been 
music neg 635.txt this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king 
health pos 501.txt i love this product . i have thick hair and the ceramic plates are very wide wich allow you to staighten your hair quickly . does an awesome job 
camera neg 33.txt looks nice . unfortunately did not power up the camera , so i ca n't say much else . going to cost me return shipping at the very least . sorry i did n't buy the canon product instead 
software pos 9.txt i 've been frustrated for quite some time now with having adobe reader and expecting it should do what adobe acrobat can do . i was especially interested in creating pdf 's ( portable document formats ) of word documents . although i have photoshop that can do this for me in a roundabout way , i was n't satisfied with the extra time it took to do so . faced with the assignment of pulling together a rather large family cookbook , aptly named , " death by cholesterol " , i felt justified in finally purchasing not only " acrobat " but also " omnipage " , an ocr ( optical character recognition ) software . with these programs in hand it made the project fun to do . now i have the whole cookbook with its index as a sinle multi-page pdf file that can be read and also printed out by anyone i care to send it to over the internet . it 's of great value to me now and gives me enhanced versatility even though i 've only used a small part of its capabilities . the reason that i 've only given it a " 4 " rating ? i 'm upset that i did n't get the full version , but i ca n't justify doing so . i 'm being petulant 
software pos 27.txt this is an easy product to use . it saves you when a disk drive fills up and you want to use the same partiction but need more space . it will grab it from another hard drive . it is also useful in setting up a d : drive for documents , and and e : drive for programs . it is useful to have windows on c : alone . there are fewer crashes . michael common 
dvd neg 686.txt this film starts out so promising . it could have been a punchy dramatic piece about the nature of belief , and the legitimacy of the concept of free will . instead , the characters dribble into infantile sexuality , and the film becomes a travelog . i ca n't believe this film found financing...a real waste of obvious talent . the effect of the ending is to trivialise the opening premise , hence the film winds up being an exercise in meaninglessness with an unpleasant aftertaste 
software pos 845.txt i am very pleased with the way this remote performs . i have my computer conected to my tv , and with this remote , i am able to control my computer from the living room , to watch tv , watch dvds that i have on my hard drives , and listen to music . beyond media , works great with the remote , and is very user friendly 
software neg 263.txt this software is useless . it is a slow and a system resource hog . you can download dozens of free apps that do a better job than this for free 
books neg 851.txt i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field 
health neg 644.txt this product is a piece of garbage.when it works , it does what it is suppose to do . however , it worked for the first two weeks and then totally died on me.do not buy this product 
software pos 555.txt i really like my new windows vista upgrade.the graphics are stunning and it is extremely user friendly.infact , i liked vista business so much , i upgraded to the ultimate version.both versions are very easy to install ; many people seem to be waiting for ' all the bugs to be worked out ' but , honestly , the bugs are n't a problem.it is important to run the advisor about -is your system ready for vista before you install - to get rid of any conflicts your computer might have with vista ; other than that everything else is a breeze . use my system about 6 hours a day and am using a xps 700 dell computer go for it , you 'll have lots of fun ! 
dvd pos 850.txt in this movie based on a true story we see jerry stahl played by ben stiller . jerry is a geek hollywood scriptwriter who turns out junk for sitcoms although he thinks he is shakespeare by his admiration of his own writing . jerry has it all - a hollywood mansion , liz hurley , a cool car and yet he decides to throw it all away for some heroin . jerry 's heroin habit costs $6 , 000 a week but he is only earning $5000 ( ! ! ! ) per week . one does not need a phd. in advanced mathematics to realize this this spells trouble . jerry eventually gets clean with the help of maria bello and then he wrote his story in a best selling book . one can only hope that his new fortune does not lure him back into the drug scene . i give this sorry excuse of a movie 5 stars because it has maria bello in it although i still ca n't figure out why she finds jerry the geek so interesting . his story is the same as any street junkie.they all look the same to me when they are injecting heroin into their veins on the street 
books pos 456.txt i dont agree with the previous reviewer at all . my kids love everything in this book and if i find enough time i want to make every single toy . they are not scary looking at all . if you like knitted babes by claire garland , you ll love this one . there are 5 themes in this book : enchanted land : princess and castle fairy dream : fairy and baby , flower pillow , unicorn wild trail : cowboy and mustang set to sea : pirate and ratty , dinghy magical waterworld : mermaid , fish , seahorse and crab , dolphin there are also pages on knitting , crochet and stitching basics . this is probably not a book for a beginner , but if have some experience you ll want to get your needles , hooks and yarn and just get going . i can only recommend this one . 5 stars ! ! ! 
books neg 287.txt i was a philosophy major in college and i hated this book . but then again , the whole nambla fic genre really does n't do it for me . i 'm sure some literary aesthetes are going to pick this review apart , good for them . i 'm incredibly well-read and thought this one was just a tepid bore . save your time , read some dostoevsky , some dickens , some milton , ( ... ) 
camera neg 794.txt there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job ! 
health pos 218.txt i have dry , course hair that certainly gets even drier in the colorado climate . i have used this product on and off for 10 years and just love the way it defines and adds shine to my hair . i can see if you had fine hair that this product would not be a good thing ! i always have to remember that it 's the anti-humectant that i like , not the humectant . the humectant version does nothing for my hair and i have purchased it on occasion by mistake . this stuff smells great too ! makes styling a snap 
dvd neg 348.txt patton oswalt is funny and my two stars is not because of his performance . it 's because of comedy central mangling the dvd version . the show was originally broadcast on comedy central , and as such it was cut down to about 40 minutes so it could fill a one-hour time slot with commercials . the dvd has the original show , and then in the bonus section , it has " deleted scenes , " which are the parts of the full-length concert that were cut for time . so , you can watch the time-edited show , or you can watch the out-of-context segments that were taken out . but what you ca n't do , and what i have to think any chimpanzee able to use sign language would know you would want to do , is see the original full-length show in its entirety . so , cheers for patton , boos for cc . i wo n't be buying the dvd and that 's why . 
health pos 7.txt i really like these things . they 're certainly chewy , so they can be a bit of a jaw workout , but they taste pretty good while having a lot more nutritional value than a candy bar , and they keep you going for a couple of hours . if only they were a little cheaper , say a dollar or less per bar , i 'd probably go through them a lot more quickly than i do right now 
camera neg 262.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
software pos 152.txt ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software 
health neg 846.txt ewww ewww get it off get it off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! omigod i loved hugo so much i 've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well . this is just terrible . i 'm taking a shower . look for my posting of this cheap...i 've already taken a loss . i have reviewed many colognes , take a look at them . i like most of them 
music pos 138.txt ok , i just could not resist coming on here to review this . i 've had this cd for about 4 years now and i still listen to quite a bit , proof right there that this cd is definetly a classic ( in my book at least ) every single song on here is original , the guitar riffs are simply amazing , and the lyrics i can not even describe in words how much they hit home and how breathtaking they are . if your a goo goo doll fan , and you still do not have this cd , i deeply encourge you to go buy it now ! this is the is the goos like you 've never heard them before . the cd is pure genius , and in my opinion the best cd i 've ever heard 
software neg 440.txt the system requirements for this product on their packaging says nothing about mac support and requires windows . h&r block did n't support mac 's last year and they 've only given half-hearted support this year . if you own a mac then turbotax is your best bet . 
camera neg 92.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon 
books pos 652.txt one reviewer claims that this is marred by some of eliot 's unfurtunate preducices . but how come you do n't say something like that about o ' henry . we ca n't just stop reading authers because you we do n't like their views . someone calls hemingway looking forward ? if that 's looking forward i'de rather look backward . hemingway has no concept of lyricism what so ever . most of the people that reviewer named justly loved eliot . eliot is not looking nesscarily towards the past , but towards what we have made out of the present . in name of progress , we have destroyed nature and good part of our souls . to call eliot conservative at the time he wrote the poem would be redicoulous , the first draft according to one of eliot 's biographers , was absolutly a expression of relavtism . one critic accused him being a nihilist . on the poem itself eliot is truly a master at evocating mode and tone , not to mention his brilliant use of imperfect rymthe . so it does n't have the crepty sentimentalism and redicoulous forays of expression of eariler and later poets . so he looks at his poetry with a sense of hard classicism , we could use more of that . yet what he does n't right he evoces through mode and tone , giving us truly one of the best poems of this , or any other century . 
dvd pos 617.txt i would reccomend this film to any robert johnson fan as well as to anyone just getting into the blues who wants to know where its really at . it includes some great interviews with johnny shines , robert jr lockwood and others who knew robert . its worth it just to hear lockwood play an unrecorded song of r.j. 's ! the parts where keb ' mo ' re-enacts segments from r.j. 's life are well done and effectively illustrate what life would have been like back then for a traveling bluesman . my only criticism would be that there are few extra dvd features , however , that does n't stop me watching this film again and again ! a very informative insight into the life of one of the greatest delta bluesmen 
camera pos 633.txt this product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . the pictures are wonderful . the initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . we actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . the slideshow feature is wonderful as well . everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . to be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . we will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . thanks to the folks at philips for getting this soooooooooooo right . 
books neg 356.txt this book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security , global warming , etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells . the author contributes little to previous books on the subject , such as rikin 's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public . if anything , the book 's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms . in doing so , the author comes up with some interesting case studies , but it 's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of the economist , which happens to be the author 's employer . moreover , there was little effort in integrating the various chapters . overall , a very disapointing book . the author should stick to journalism 
software neg 774.txt i use adobe acrobat professional extensively both as an attorney and as a researcher / author . because of the new features advertised which would enhance acrobat storage of powerpoint presentations , i bought it off the shelves at a local staples office supply dealer . i am proficient at my own installations and expected no trouble on this . it acted like a virus . the program did not finish installing . worse yet , it corrupted the underlying 7.0 installation and fixed that so the windows controller program could not install it . i had to hack through the registry to remove traces of it . finally i got to a stage where it appeared to be going through the registry process again . then i received the coup de grace - - a bad serial number message . i checked carefully and it matched the serial number exactly as on the label sent by adobe inside its factory package . i used microsoft onenote to make a colored screen copy of this phenonema and marched the package back to staples where they refunded my money . it 's too bad about the 20 plus billable hours as a lawyer lost to this process . my experiences in calling adobe in the past when i puzzled through a far lesser discourage me from wanting to talk to their technical support people ( who too often know less than me given the increasingly apparent out-sourcing to people who read from a script and give us credit for knowing far less than we do ) . at any rate , i am now bitter . my 7.08 installation of adobe worked great on my favorite computer where i had the bulk of my multimedia presentations which i hoped to reduce complete with sounds to the adobe 8.0 format . i suspect that wrong serial numbers were slapped on the packages . i am deeply disappointed , even angry at the inconvenience this has caused me . i took it home and tried it on my desktop there and it also would not complete the installation and ruined my chances of a clean uninstallation of 7.0. deactivation of 7.0 could not take place either after installation of 8.0. i do n't know what adobe was thinking - - or if they were thinking . i have been a loyal customer of theirs for many years , but i 'm thinking distinctly non-charitable thoughts about them this early morning . i hope they get their act together - - soon . they owe us all a quick fix and patch and they need deep repentance for the damage this did to windows xp home installations which also appear to be corrupted in the process of installing this " upgrade " program which acts more like a computer worm or virus than a program 
books pos 142.txt miller knows his subjects ( the people ) and his subject ( their desperation ) with a clarity and fearlessness that most people would prefer to avoid . viewing his photographs are no easier a task than living wholly and honestly . skinheads , speedfreaks , tenderloin whores , friends and neighbors . lucid , terrifying , and ultimately beautiful photographs from a man of the same qualities 
health neg 118.txt this product has not been certified that the harmful mercury has been distilled out . by chance i read an article today in the jan. 16 issue of time by andrew weil , m.d. he advises strongly that fish oil be mercury free . weil also lists the mercury free fish species to buy . he recommends anarctic krill oil . amazon has it but it is expensive . i guess i 'll throw out the almost full bottle of nature made . read up on it . mercury is bad stuff 
software neg 353.txt i was reading the high reviews of zonealarm so i went to their web site to get more information , and only about 2 pages of their entire web site would even show up . makes me wonder how hard it will be to get tech support from them . going back to panda. . 
dvd pos 350.txt all things aside , the other kid in the movie the caddie friend that has the episode at the end [stated this way without ruining the ending]played a great part as a supporting actor . his name is justin goncalves i think . this kid was very believable in every aspect of the part he played . in fact i think he stole the scenes when he was onscreen with the gamble kid . believability is important and this kid carried his weight the entire movie for what limited scenes he had . i was particularly impressed with the part he played . 
music neg 997.txt blues singers should n't try to go mainstream . if they do try and succeed , fine . that means they 've stayed true to their roots . when they try and fail ( as susan has done with hope and desire ) , one would hope they 'd try to get back to where they started . for me that was just wo n't burn . i guess when one is happily married with children , it 's hard to sing the blues since you 're not feeling them . . . you 're faking them 
books neg 231.txt i have written software for development projects for 30 years and i have managed several projects . martin fowler has extraordinary insight , and i enjoy reading his papers for the gems of thought i find . the main lesson i pick up from this book is : break your large project into projects sufficiently small that you can sensibly abandon refactoring for each of the small projects . refactoring works well in some cases , i suppose . refactoring works well for some people , i suppose . i 'm skeptical , though . fowler filled the book with page after page of the detailed refactoring method applied to a problem he acknowledged as too simple for application of refactoring . he assures us that refactoring may overload small projects with methodology , making it unsuitable for them , and it works really well for larger projects . i suspect , however , that the burden it imposes enlarges as the job enlarges . fowler gives me no good reason to think otherwise . if i 'm to risk this methodology on a large project , i want to see it perform well on a smaller project first . fowler conceives methodologies that attract zealous disciples . in the case of refactoring , the methodology may succeed for its attractiveness rather than for its practical utility 
music neg 895.txt jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time 
software pos 902.txt this is a great product to manage your email , calendar , and contacts . this program has great power and features and is now much easier to use . 
dvd pos 65.txt i love this movie . it 's picture perfect in a life of a tweeker and their enviroment . where is the soundtrack to this movie ? ? ? ? ? 
health pos 915.txt i bought this item for my husband for christmas . he has hip and knee problems so sleeping comfortably sometimes can be an issue for him . we use these pillows everyday sitting up watching tv and he uses the head and knee wedges while he sleeps . the only downfall now is that he sleeps so good he snores ! 
software pos 804.txt even though i do n't belong to the art profession and have only very limited knowledge of the arts , i feel the contents are great and useful , based on my discussion with friends who are artists . i therefore bought it for my friends in the arts profession overseas 
software pos 630.txt love the program... . hate the company ! i 've been using quickbooks for more than 10 years . i started with the basic edition since i am a very small business and use only a portion of the program , specifically customer and vendor lists , invoicing , a / r and purchase orders . overkill is an understatement.. . quickbooks pro is much more powerful than i need . i do n't use payroll , check printing , year end accounting and many of its other functions . so why did i purchase such a powerful program ? that 's the " rub " . intuit is not satisfied with its quickbooks users being content with the edition that they are using ; intuit sales people call all too frequently trying to get you to upgrade to the next higher version ( edition ) of their program . they hounded me for years to upgrade from the early basic edition to the then current basic edition ; finally , they dropped support of the product and i had no choice . i purchased quickbooks 2005 basic edition in 2005. shortly after purchasing it , they informed me that they were no longer going to support the 2005 basic edition and if i wanted continued support i would have to upgrade again , this time to the pro edition . this january ( 2007 ) i received an email from intuit informing me that my 2005 basic edition would n't run on the new windows xp vista platform and if i switched to vista i would need to upgrade to quickbooks pro . i upgraded to a new pc in february as the result of a major crash on my former system and opted to go with vista , thinking that i could install windows 98 as a second operating system to run quickbooks 2005 basic . the second operating system did n't work out and , after seriously considering switching to microsoft accounting 2007 , i purchased quickbooks pro . i was very disappointed that intuit did n't offer a significant purchase incentive to existing users ; but they never have in all the years that i 've been using their product . even microsoft , the shark of sharks , offers incentives . do n't be misheartened . i purchased the program from amazon and , with rebates and other purchase incentives , saved $60 over intuit 's price ; i could have saved an additional $25 if i had bought on ebay ( had i known it at the time ) . 
health neg 872.txt i bought this lamp because it says it doesnt give off any glare and is easy on the eyes for reading , doing crafts , sewing.......... . well it doesnt giove off much light either ! ! ! ! so you need another source of light in your work area also........ . i didnt think it would fill up the room with beautiful natural light but c'mon.........all in all its an overpriced night light ! ! 
dvd pos 993.txt " the petrified forest " is a filmed version of the 1935 broadway smash . the play starred leslie howard and humphrey bogart and their stage performances were preserved when warner brothers bought the play to the screen in late 1935. the addition of bette davis made good box office sense as she was beginning to hit her stride and was reteamed with howard after their earlier matching in " of human bondage " . the film is set in the arizona desert . a killer on the run holds up in a road house taking hostage a group of people there . the play has a few things to say about " the meaning of life " with the juxtaposition of outcast wanderer and intellectual alan squier played by leslie howard and vicious gangster duke mantee played by humphrey bogart . the morality is fairly corny now and most of it is contained in the dialogue of leslie howard but he delivers it superbly so it still has some resonance . the film was a breakthrough for bogart but his performance is too theatrical for my liking . davis is a revelation acting with a simplicity and freshness which is almost unique in her career . she is also very well photographed by sol polito and her big eyes glow . the dvd print is excellent and a lot of extras are included , including an expert and very detailed commentary about the film , a terrible vitaphone short with the absurd toby wing and a funny cartoon about the cocoanut grove . the radio performance included is almost unintelligible with a very poor tyrone power in howard 's role . the dvd is excellent value especially if it is purchased as part of the warners gangster collection . 
music neg 925.txt method : take a monster , genre defining album you recorded over 15 years ago , borrow the voicings , polyrhythms and sound effects , rearrange them to slightly ( but not *that* ) different tunes , crib the album art ( cheesy then ; cheesier now ) and re-release . the point ? well , to the man , it 's obvious . there 's one born every minute . but for genuine , discerning afficionados of electronica ? search me . like a good souffle , it was better the first time . indeed , inventing oxygene parts 7 - 13 is almost as pointless an exercise as going back and re-recording the original album from scratch . and guess what turned out to be jarre 's next project ? whoops ! writer 's block , perchance ? olly buxto 
camera pos 733.txt i bought this camera for my teenage son . the only problem we have found so far is that the battery life is too short . other than that , it is a good camera . the slim design is nice , and the camera is loaded with features 
books pos 83.txt wow , wow , wow . get this book ! this has ( just about ) everything you need to be professional . the only thing i did n't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to nyc residents , but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area . i especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own " starving artist " myth , and the ways to stop that . it made me realize that i am the one standing in the way of my own success ! well , no more- -thanks to caroll- -i am taking all of the steps listed . i wish my graduate school had this information available 
camera pos 943.txt i 've had this digital camera for almost a year . it 's the fourth camera i 've owned . i spent quite some time searching for a compact camera that i could carry everywhere . being an amateur photographer ( and mostly taking pictures for myself and not others ) , i did n't want to lug around an extra bag just for my camera . it fits discreetly in your pocket or a small purse ( for formal nights out ) . the size and weight of this camera is its best feature , and this carries through to the newer generations of this camera , too . this has been the perfect camera for everything from selling items on-line to landscape scenery . my pictures have always turned out beautifully , with wonderful color and crispness . i have discovered that the " automatic " lighting feature is not always the most ideal , but you can re-program just about anything on this camera . it 's really quite a good camera , and given its price these days with the newer generations out there , it 's a steal 
books neg 507.txt reading through john irving 's " the cider house rules , " i found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and done with and only partly out of a sense of curiosity . in obtaining a bachelor 's degree in english , i had to read a lot of books . among them were many books that i did not like , but never before had i read a book that was so completely devoid of subtlety . every single scene in the book feels as though it was specifically designed and manufactured by the author to move the plot along . people become pregnant , have abortions , and die with such terrible regularity that you can foresee it dozens of pages before it happens . this goes way beyond mere foreshadowing . the book does n't flow naturally , you can virtually see the author hiding in the shadows , playing the puppet master . there are just so many coincidences , so many old friends just happening to run into eachother , so many people becoming pregnant just at the exact time to make the story progress perfectly , all of the characters vaguely , distantly connected to eachother . i do n't want to spoil the plot , but suffice it to say that the plotline involving the eames ( rhymes with screams ) family is just too much coincidence to bear . it 's as though the author is god , and the characters completely lack free will . and then there 's the " protagonist , " homer wells . i put protagonist in quotations because despite being the center of the story , homer wells barely does anything in the story . he barely even speaks during the story . he is virtually a non-character , devoid of personality or will , around whom the other characters and events of the book revolve . the scenes that do not involve homer wells at all , and they make up the majority of the book , are without fail the most interesting scenes . i think that the real protagonist of the book is dr. larch , but even melony seems more real than homer does . the story is very long and rambling . subplots are begun and then abandoned and only mentioned in passing much later on . minor characters keep popping into the story , then disappearing , only to pop back into the story exactly when they 're needed . conflicts are either quickly and conveniently resolved or simply ignored and forgotten ( like the situation with debra pettigrew ) . after such a rambling , at times rather boring plot , the ending feels rather rushed . it is as though the author realized that he suddenly had to resolve everything , tie up every loose end , in the last 25 pages ( and tying up loose ends , in this case , means a lot of people conveniently dying ) . to spoil the plot just a little , homer wells , who has throughout the book been opposed to abortion because he feels that a fetus has a soul , suddenly and inexplicably and completely reverses on this opinion . i personally am pro-choice as well , but i found that homer 's sudden reversal was completely contrary to his character and caused the ending of the book to collapse into a bunch of nonsensical happily-ever-afters 
music pos 273.txt it 's impossible to like all of country music , but randy travis is liked by even those who do n't like country music . from 1986 and through the 90 's he was always on top or near the top of the country charts . his calm , nasal drawl reminds me a bit of lefty frizell , but there 's no mistaking his unique style . these are some of the best recordings in the history of country music including digging up bones , forever and ever , amen , too gone too long , is it still over ? , hard rock bottom of your heart etc. randy had 16 no . 1 's on the country charts . there are 20 cuts here . if you only want one cd with all his greatest hits this is your logical choice . by the way , the sound from rhino is bright and punchy and the booklet features dates , neat pixs , and peak positions . you 've got a winner for life with this one ! 
music neg 924.txt a lame group of angry teenagers screaming about themselves . ironic lyrics like " image of the invisible " do not make them intellectual . this trash is not music . get it off my radio ! if only i could give 0 stars. . 
software pos 139.txt version 7 installed without a hitch and has increased the productivity of my business because it also works much better than version 5 
dvd neg 18.txt this movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and amazon customers that i was expecting great things . while i agree the acting ( especially the girls playing christy and ariel ) is excellent the story is just too implausible and i got that impression from the minute we see the family crossing from canada to the us ( yes they are irish but for some reason they have to sneak in to the us from canada ) . anyway why on earth would an apparently intelligent couple enter the us with their two kids illegally , without jobs or much money to settle in the most expensive city in the country ? i know the dad is an actor but could n't he have settled the family in one of the less expensive boroughs and taken the subway in to manhattan ? the mom is a teacher but ca n't find a job but no wonder if they are in the country illegally . yet there is money for private school , fixing up the dump of an apartment , an expensive camcorder , betting the rent money on an et doll etc. i ca n't imagine any parents moving in to an apartment building known as the " drug house " with two young girls and then letting the girls wander about as they please . mind you the parents are a couple supposedly almost crippled by the guilt they feel over a third child - a son - that has recently died . i kept expecting someone to call social services . and the medical situations with both frankie and the mom and new baby are not well thought out or researched . the symbolism between mateo , the new baby and frankie is very heavy handed . though the film is told through the oldest daughter 's eyes because of several scenes and elements the movie is not suited at all to children . and there are also several scenes that are really not connected with the oldest daughter at all . maybe if i had taken it more as a fable i would have " gotten " this movie more but i was expecting a straight forward drama and was disappointed . 
camera neg 533.txt the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format , not mpeg-4. i bought one from ' egghead.com' . after 30 days , i contacted aiptek to tell them the problem , they acknowledged that the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format . they said there is nothing they will do about it . do not buy this product . aiptek advertises that the is-dv records video in mpeg-4 format , but it doesn't . ' egghead.com ' wo n't deal with me because they say i should deal with the manufacture after 30 days from the purchase date 
music pos 244.txt to be honest i ca n't think of a word that can explain the emotional link with this album apart from it being the most beautiful sound i 've heard . for me listening to this album makes me feel emotionally confused but absolutely complete at the same time , never before has an album stopped me in my tracks as firmly as this one . my favourite songs on the album are " the only moment we were alone " and " six days at the bottom of the ocean " every time my ears are blessed with these artworks i 'm am fixated on nothing else but them . i literally cannot communicate with anyone or anything i just have to listen to them intently . this album is not as experimental as " those who tell the truth shall die those who tell the truth shall live forever " but i feel it is just as good and the songs are put together impeccably well , with no song being neither longer nor shorter than it has to be . i love the pure , clean sound of this album and see it as light as the wind . the trance that this album provides is indescribable ; i 'm not saying if you buy this album it will have this exact effect on you this description is merely from a personal note . either way i strongly recommend this band and album to anybody who is looking for a purchase , for you can have no doubt that this album is extremely well produced , written , recorded , thought out and sounding . buy it , you will not regret your choice one bit . 
books pos 988.txt it is over a hundred dollars but put it off this is the book . you wo n't need any others 
health neg 949.txt i purchased the product . found it to be not accurate . also in order to get your ldl result you have to use 3 types of strips and a formula to calculate it - costly ! ! cumbersome ! ! ! 3 times " niddle " your fingers ! ! i returned the product 
health neg 390.txt this heating pad was received as a gift to replace the sunbeam heating pad i had used for 35 years and had finally worn out . i was delighted with the larger size , but the new pad did not heat at all . i returned it to homedics ( along with the $5 handling charge ) , and two months later they sent a replacement . the replacement heats up , but after one use the pad was hopelessly twisted . it almost looks like it has melted to itself , and it ca n't be flattened out . i wo n't be sending this one back with another $5 handling charge- -it is n't worth it . this one goes out with the trash , and i go back to sunbeam . 
books neg 660.txt not easy for any beginner to use . unless you knew exactly what kind of silver you were trying to identify i.e. english , scottish , irish.. . etc , it was a bit confusing . marks are black & amp ; white , some not showing very good clarity and everything is in extremely in small print . if you just want to sort through tons of marks and dates , this may be for you . if you want information about your piece , pass it up 
books neg 157.txt i am soooo glad that i checked this out of the library and did n't pay for this garbage . i really should of listened to the reviews on this book before i wasted a day reading it . actually , about half-way through i skimmed . the first couple chapters were n't bad , but the rest was just awful . gracie , her ex-husband , her friends...they are the most pathetic , shallow bunch of fakes i 've ever read about . what 's even worse is that 's the authors real life ( maybe not the divorce part , but the rest of it ) . in the end , all i have to say is do n't waste your time ! ! i should of listened to the others , but i did n't , and now i regret that i wasted so much time when i could of been reading something worth while . 
music neg 946.txt well it was an obvious path to musical collapse , she should have stopped at tidal . if i 'd been dating her for the talent she showed on her first cd i would have broken up with her over this piece of haggis . the course of the last three cd 's drew a trendline right from stardom into a melodic pit . the lyrics on extraordinary machine were not only not up to their namesake but worse than the melodies . the number of great reviews on this site only go to prove once again the masses prefer pablum in lieu of something complex and cognitive . her original cd with it 's collection of diminished and augmented chords set to deep overlays of texturing , blended with truly poetic lyrics has been replaced with a distilled musical joke . what on earth gave her the impetus to try to go ' artsy ' by experimenting with music predating the second world war i 'll never know . it 's obvious her angst is no longer producing art , rather it is being replaced with contrived resolution and the equivalent of a musical epitaph . eat it up people , it 's all about not having to think . it 's the kind of tripe that happens when someone is trying to hard to think of how to outdo their first brush stroke of genius and is confronted with musical block . judging by the news her father is ruining her life and creativity as so often is the case in todays less than feminine half of the culture . 
health neg 356.txt i bought one and it worked great . at first it 's hard to manuever because it 's really hot , and the barrel 's bristles are kinda rough and pull your hair a lot , but once you get used to it , it does a stellar job of straightening your hair . around 6 months into using the straightner , the machine slowly overheated and died . thinking i had a faulty model , i went out and bought a new one . guess what ? a few months into that one , it ended the same way . so basically , not worth it . 
books pos 687.txt i have been planting flowers from seed in my home for almost 5 years now . last year i had over 1400 seedlings on multi-level shelves under flourescent and natural light in my dining room . ( boy do i need a greenhouse ! ) so this book was not a lot of new information to me . a lot of what is listed can be found on the back of a seed packet , but it 's not practical to sit on the floor of my favorite garden supply store and read every seed package for suggestions before i buy it . ( this is important , because i 'm not interested in refrigerating my seeds 3 weeks before i plant them or doing other such preparations required for some seeds . ) one major thing missing from this book was photography . there were drawings , but i 'm sorry to say that they were mostly a way of breaking up the monotony of the text rather than a reference tool . on the good side , this book did an excellent job of providing the proper germination environment , and each plant had a quick reference in a shaded box that listed the type of plant ( annual , perennial , etc ) , its hardiness zone , and its flowering season . this allowed me to quickly eliminate the plants that were inappropriate for my zone . the regular index was n't very useful , but one wonderful addition was an index of the common & amp ; latin names . i refer to this when looking at some of my books that include the full color photography i was missing . ( almost makes up for it....almost ! ) of course , there is the standard hardiness zone map , but they also added a map each for the probable first and last frost dates . ( nice ! ) also included was a directory of seed companies and their addresses . all in all , this book does a good job of covering the seed part , but a poor job of covering the bloom part 
health neg 174.txt the seams on the pillow are sharp and uncomfortable . the extra pouches that supposedly provide additional support do n't measure up . the snaps that should hold the ends together do n't work . basically , it would be ok if it came with a soft cover 
dvd pos 965.txt .. with an all-star cast . the plot is not new ( stage door , how to marry a millionaire and valley of the dolls to mention but a few ) , but judy , hedy and lana do an admirable job . never mind highbrow critcs ; hedy lamarr wasn ` t that bad and lana does one of her best acting jobs ever . judy is a tomboy and it ` s sad that life eventually took her into the direction of lana ` s character sheila . the musical numbers are good , but sadly ; footage from the great ziegfeld are edited in ( note the finale ) . james stewart are good as well - as are edvard everett horton , charles winninger and eve arden . the film is filled with good 1-liners and there are even echoes of garbo ` s first sound-entrance in anna christie 
books pos 190.txt the other reveiwers have it right . after studying more than 30 titles on the craft of writing , i can say that this is by far the most useful work on developing believable and well-rounded characters that i have seen to date . the information is timely , practical , and accessible . the examples are well-organized and perfectly suited to the material . the writer can take what he learns and put into practice immediately . excellent work 
books neg 70.txt i did n't know why i chose to read this book . anyway , it was disappointing , really . the book was slow , and it was too long for a story of its type . i mean , i think the book could go on without some of the parts . when i was reading it , i only thought of putting it down because it 's making me go crazy . i thought the plot was shallow , but taylor 's self-conflict was even shallower . he kept on blaming himself about his father 's death well then it 's really his fault ! he was a coward . if you do n't believe me , go on and read about it.. . although you might get bored getting to that part because it 's towards the end . and i hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with denise . he was acting really immature ! he should have at least thought about denise but he was too selfish . it really sucked . and yes , i know that this is supposed to be a romance novel.. . but i kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book . and what did i find ? nothing . oh , what a waste . it 's like sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader , it did n't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like . if it had n't been for my hrr ( home reading report ) i would n't have finished reading this at all . i guess i 'm saying this because i 'm not into this genre . love stories are fine but this one.. . nah 
music pos 308.txt this was one of those rare performances where dylan 's raw energy swept the stage and transformed these selections from his collection into somthing entirely new and great . the sound is rough , the intonation is off , the recording is filled with horrible buzzes , whistles , and clicks . none of which matters . once youe listened to some of the tracks on this disk , you 'll prefer them to the original album cuts . i know i do . absolutely essential to any collection of dylan 's work , " hard rain " is not to be missed . 
books neg 687.txt i wouold only skim this book if you want a general idea about business marketing , but do not expect in depth detail about how to truly market your business 
camera neg 559.txt this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions 
dvd neg 120.txt i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of " meet john doe " . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [... 
music neg 433.txt bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums 
software pos 150.txt love this product . i like having these microsoft programs without paying the price for the full versios 
dvd pos 132.txt despite the chintzy , unconvincing facial hair ( jeff daniels ' being the exception ) ; martin sheen 's too-gentlemanly interpretation of gen . lee 's accent ( and his beard ) ; obvious & saccharine soliloquies about the higher purpose for fighting the war ; generalized ( and largely inaccurate ) interpretations of the underlying history of the war ; and hopelessly , ridiculously , wildly off-the-mark attempts atnew england accents , the film still works . i understand that to get a film produced and distributed , it is often necessary to have recognizable names in the cast . but an unknown who looks more like general lee than martin sheen would have been a better choice . and c . thomas howell 's performance- -well , let 's just say that his glued-on beard was more convincing than his acting . jeff daniels , however , does an excellent job , in large part because he does n't try to convince you he 's from new england and consequently does not come off like cliff from cheers , using every stereotype associated with nasal ' r' -dropping . instead of focusing on the so-called nasality of the ne accent ( think of sheen in the missiles of octobah ) , daniels allows the viewer to suspend disbelief . but then , here comes ct howell again to slap you across the face and remind you that sheen and kevin costner are n't the only actors who should have appeared as new englanders in an ed wood production . i think the story works because there 's enough commitment to historical military fact to make it believable . the battle scenes probably should have been more visually graphic to evoke the horror of the battle , but the movie makers either did n't have the budget for gore ( maybe it was spent on the obviously fake beards ) or decided to err on the side of forbearance . if gettysburg had been made 8-10 years later , it might have benefited from the newer style of violence-depiction , as in saving private ryan , thin red line , or gladiator . it falls a bit short of that , however . finally , it should be noted that the producers / director seem to be operating on a rather simplistic view of the war 's historical underpinnings , opting to represent the northern point of view as one united behind the idea of freeing the slaves . anyone who knows about the boston busing riots of the 1970s will understand that not all of the north is steeped in racial generosity and brotherhood . very few who fought on the side of the blue fought because they believed in the abolition of slavery . they fought to preserve the union , which is a very different concept . abolition of slavery happened to be the issue that forced the south 's hand , but it was not the sole cause of the war . the movie dumbs this down a bit , making the message more like what you 'd find in a 5th-grade text book . the battle at gettysburg was certainly pivotal , but viewers should remember that it did not end the civil war . the north absolutely needed to win it , but lee continued to cause the north fits for almost 2 years after gettysburg . c . thomas howell will continue to cause me fits every time i think of this movie . still and all , the film is very watchable . and due credit should be given to the re-enactors , arguably the greatest source of credibility for the film 
camera neg 635.txt i own the olympus fe-100 digital camera , and it came with unchargeable batteries ( oxyride ) . i switched to energizer batteries and bought an energizer 4-battery charger that can be had for less than the price of half a tank of gas . it 's not a quick charger like this one , but i say for less than half the investment , i 've got a charger that does the job . i would not spend this kind of money on a charger . so i say , if you 're part of the " gotta have it now " generation , you definitely pay for convenience . otherwise , charge your batteries more slowly ( 2-3 hours ) and save a lot of money 
software pos 79.txt this program is very easy to use and the projects are beautiful . installation is self explanatory . this also goes for the prepararation of cards ect.detailed instructions apear at each step at the top of the window as the user moves his her mouse-pointer over various portions of the graphics . if you are looking for an easy to use program with great results , this is the one to get . with the cost of cards being what it is , this program will pay for itself very quickly . relatives will like the fact that they are getting greetings which have been personalized . i recommend this program highly 
books neg 524.txt disappointed . as an english teacher , i expected a more compelling and less hokey use of whitman . the first story , of the deformed whitman loving boy , was utterly unbelievable and the continuity was incredibly challenging 
dvd neg 586.txt i have watched this movie along with many other jet li films . to be very honest with you this movie is one that you can keep out of your collection . i was so caught up in the title that i really was expecting much more from the film . but i was very disappointed to say the least . the movie takes place in the early eighties . when gangs dressed in leather with chains , carrying spray paint and break danced occasionally . this was not the type of movie that i was expecting jet li to be in . if you want some real action packed jet li pick up the contract killer which will give you alot more for your money trust me you want be disappointed 
health neg 839.txt i was very disappointed with this product . not only did it come in a foreign ( chinese ) box , it does n't work well at all . the " powder " that was included actually made it worse . if i were you , i would keep searching 
software pos 815.txt i really love this bible . even for someone who is well-versed in bible scripture , this adds a new dimension to your understanding . i purchased one for myself and liked it so much that i purchased one for my mom for mother 's day . 
camera pos 532.txt this is a great camera for travel and everyday events because of its small and convenient size . we bought it to replace our bulkier sony dsc-f707. the large screen is wonderful ! the video feature is a lot of fun but due to the small size it is hard to take a steady video . the battery meter is very useful as it tells you how much time you have left . the main downside with this camera is the flash . it does n't work well in very dark conditions for distant or even slightly distant shots . if it were n't for the flash , i would have given this a rating of 5 stars . this is overall a good camera . for more serious digital photography , we prefer to use the sony dsc-f707 as it has a better flash and zoom . however , it is too bulky to carry around 
books pos 363.txt this book is loaded with the most recent medical findings and is organized as a referenced book , although i read it cover to cover . 
camera neg 962.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
dvd pos 630.txt one of the most compelling events of the release of kenneth lonergan 's you can count on me is that it gave visibility to mark ruffalo who plays a troubled young man who , unable to deal with the childhood trauma of having lost his parents to a car crash , lives of life of unattached agony and isolation . he 's a loner and a drifter , medicating his self-pity with pot and short-lived relationships . his sister sammy , played wonderfully by laura linney , reacts to the same tragedy by being , in many ways , an overresponsible overcontrolling super mom . two opposite reactions to the same tragedy of course result in a sibling clash . this film shows with great complexity and biting comic insight , the attempt of this brother and sister to shed their defense mechanisms and most importantly reconnect with one another . the ride is never easy in this film . no easy answers are given . just as important , this film , which deals with the pain of loss , never descends into the maudlin hallmark movie sap that other films would . balancing edgy humor and profound psychological insight , lonergan has written and directed a tale that captures the layers upon layers of psychological complexity that accompany the trauma of loss . amazingly , he does it in a fast-paced film with scenes that are by turns comic and dramatic . matthew broderick , for example , plays a hilarious role of sammy 's neurotic anal-retentive boss at the bank . the conflict between him and sammy leads to a plot point that i 'll let you discover in the film . but most of all , this film shines because mark ruffalo plays such an endearing , sympathetic , sometimes infuriating character . you wo n't forget him 
books pos 759.txt our family has enjoyed this a lot , since we take a lot of trips in our rv . great way to entertain on the road . we really liked the questions about pop music and movies , also some great questions about the us presidents . very entertaining , clever 
software pos 117.txt my experience with this software as well as the company has been extremely positive . i ordered this program a little over a month ago . when i first received it from amazon , i was amazed at the shear size of the program . it has a huge 1 , 300 page book with all the images and categories for easy reference . it also comes with 34 cds that are loaded with images . this software is truly the largest set of art i have ever seen ! dealing with nova development is as easy to use as their software ! when i first opened the box i was a little overwhelmed with the whole thing , so i called tech support . i may have waited a whole 20 seconds before i began speaking with a technician . they walked me through the install and how to use the clip art . they were professional and courteous . this software gets an a+ in my book ! . 
music neg 51.txt the main problem i have with this cd is that it seems poorly mixed . there is no sonic depth to it - all the sounds are flat and hard to distinguish from each other 
software pos 137.txt after using 7.0 for a few weeks i find that this is the best yet . the speed of opening attachments and the compression when making them is fabulous . i highly recommend anyone to upgrade to 7.0 
music pos 865.txt this record is a fine example of earnest juju music . other artits have tricked it up some with synths and keyboards . chief commander obe has always managed to offer more traditional representation of juju as it evolved from highlife . keep in mind , this means amazing percussion work , intertwining guitar lines , loving vocals and long well developed instrumentals . if you 're interested , you should buy it . it will make you happy , no matter how you were feeling , and what you 're doing 
software pos 681.txt i 've been using printmaster for years to create greeting cards , party invitations , banners and posters for my kids ' school . this version has a lot of great new art and images and my son has even made personalized cover for his ipod . i 'd reccomend it to anyone who likes printmaster or wants to create great-looking projects at home 
health pos 894.txt i purchase two of the eva-dry edv-500 renewable dehumidifer and hang them inside the closet where i store my photo gears . although in california is not so humid but little moisture do add up . this dehumidifer is so easy to use - - unwrap it then hang it there . i check them once per several day . when the silica gel change from blue to pick , i just recharge it by plug it into the electric outlet overnight , then next morning , wow , a renewed dehumidifer is ready to use again . the changing of color is very obviously . i strongly recommend this item 
camera pos 697.txt i purchased this camera brand new for a fraction of the price of my first digital camera . this is my second point and shoot digital camera since i have abandoned film . it is a very solid and durable and it takes beautiful pictures . it has almost no shutter lag time and the battery has never run out on me . i have used it on an entire week long vacation without re-charging it . kodak keeps making these cameras better and more reliable for less 
music neg 612.txt hey , brrrrruuuuuccce ! what 's the deal ? just about every major top 40 artist has had their catalogs sonically updated except yours . why can we buy the " tracks " editions , and get glorious hdcd-encoded sound , but " town " sounds like it 's coming out an am radio ? ok , you did your best , but dubya 's back in the white house for the next four years , and kerry 's home in his underwear watching the weather channel . you should have plenty of time on your hands now.. . get busy ! let 's see some remastering ! 
books neg 813.txt sorry . i hate to pile on , but i must agree with lit teacher on this one . the thinking was sloppy and contradictory , and the writing was wooden , stiff , irritating . i bought it a few months back and hid it in a drawer until i could get around to it . i pulled it out today with a smile and high hopes . boy was i disappointed . i thought maybe i was having a bad day . maybe my concentration was off . so i pulled out truman capote . smooth as silk . so it was n't my fault . it was ron's . i finally decided to scan the book , and that revealed there was really nothing new here , nothing interesting . i wish i had not wasted the money . i must be more careful . but , as for this book , there is nothing i need to refer to later , so i 'm putting it in the trash . it is saturday evening . they will come on monday to take it and the other garbage away . roger 
dvd neg 741.txt ...this movie is a dud . who 'd have thought that john wayne and the director of " support your local sherrif " would have joined forces for this stinker ! the characterization hints at being good , but really its character actors doing what they do best - being good support characters . its a good thing to because the duke really just mailed this one in . first - what this movie does well : -ann margaret is good and she looks great dressed up like a cowboy . -the supporting cowboy characters literally steal the show . -it is interesting that the bad guys chasing ann margaret and john wayne and his cast of cronies are never ever seen close up until the very end . when you get to the end , you learn why , but it works well to keep them faceless . -the last 10 minutes is good - top notch with a twister of an ending . however , what is wrong with the movie is stronger than what is right : -john wayne is absolutely uninspired - he is just a cardboard version of himself - a cranky , mean man who they rarely even try to develop as a character - and when they do , it seems very , very clunky . -at least 20 minutes of this movie consists of long-distance shots of people riding horses . sometimes , they ride over hills , sometimes they ride through valleys . we get 4 separate long shots of them crossing a wide pond that is supposed to be the rio grande ( the border with mexico ) . fill in this time with some character development ! some dialogue ! anything ! -the character actors keep referring to other events in the past that sound a lot more interesting than this movie . all in all , it seems like this was the rough draft of a great script that was rushed to film just so john wayne could have another movie in the theaters . too bad , a crack team of writers could have made it something special . my suggestion , get " cowboys " or either of the two " rooster cogburn " movies or " support your local sherrif " and see this actor and this director doing much better work ! 
health neg 953.txt while bumble and bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner ( and i might add shampoo by the same name ) was a real disappointment . using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . do n't know where bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . i 'm saving my $$$$$ for lush and frederic fekkai ! - gail cook 
software neg 456.txt found the registration number difficult to read . had to have customer service tell me that they run into this all the time ! the i 's look like 1's . tried it again ! i got it to load . my computer slowed down significantly ! certain sites i could not access anymore without re-configuring the software . i have used norton . mcaffee or whatever , and other suite type security software . this one was the worst . i would not recommend it . i got a well deserved refund 
music pos 964.txt for the past few years it has been very difficult to locate candid jazz cds , the label that critic nat hentoff created over forty years ago . this was a real shame because some classic recordings , including booker little 's " out front " and max roach 's " we insist ! : freedom now suite , " were on this label . i am happy to report that it was not because all of the albums were being deleted , but because they were ( slowly ) being remastered . now some of the seminal early recordings of iconoclastic pianist cecil taylor are resurfacing , like " jumpin ' punkins " and now " the world of cecil taylor . " it is my opinion that taylor 's currently unavailable ( at least domestically ) " new york city r&b " and " world of c.t. " are two of the great new jazz recordings of the early 60s . " world , " recorded over two successive days in october 1960 , is basically a trio date , with buell neidlinger on bass and dennis charles on drums , and archie shepp joining on tenor sax for two tracks , " air " and the standard " lazy afternoon . " this disc is one of shepp 's first recorded performances and the saxman apparently had trouble with taylor 's music - - i recall the now out of print mosaic set of this material collecting some 15 plus outtakes of " air . " but the master takes are truly masterful , and i am delighted that with this cd available once again , we can all return to " the world of cecil taylor . 
health pos 775.txt calvin klein 's obsession was one of the earliest releases in the designer fragrance craze , and it has since become a classic . obsession is a warm , earthy , sensual scent . there is no floral or sweetness to it ; rather , it has a musky , almost masculine quality with a bit of a vanilla note . the scent is gently seductive- -alluring enough for romance , but also subtle enough for everyday wear . in has excellent staying power , as it lingers on the skin all day long . although obession has all of the qualities i usually like in a fragrance- -i definitely prefer musky , spicy scents to more floral ones- -for some reason , obsession is not one of my favorites ; although i do enjoy wearing it on occasion , i actually prefer stealing some of my husband 's obession for men to wear for myself ! overall , however , obsession for women is a classic fragrance that i would definitely recommend 
health pos 62.txt we use the zbars for breakfast , and my kids love them ! i love them too , as they 're organic , contain no trans fat , no refinded sugar or flour . they 're yummy and healthy 
books neg 170.txt i am leading a christian study group using popular films . i was hoping this book could help me use film to illustrate some scriptural truth . unfortunately , the author was much less interested in a christian message than to make sure he took every opportunity to insult the " church . " i know that churches have problems and hurt people , but it is not as common as this author seems to assert . he seems very angry at the church ( and for some reason , all of western culture - especially america . ) living in n . ireland could make one suspicious of religion i assume , but despite his claims to be a chrisitan so concerned about commmunity , he seems to enjoy tearing down more than teaching and building up . it is a good study of film ( not movies - he definatley comes from a critical point of view and not that of an average person ) but not very useful in the context of the church . that 's my take anyway . god bless 
health neg 958.txt i bought this pricey little bottle of lens dr. hoping that it could extend the life of my expensive glasses but what a mistake ! it did nothing but make it worse ! after i saw what it did to the lenses , i had to scrape and scrub to get it off ! i hope that no one else will waste their money on this worthless product . a big rip of 
books neg 522.txt reading this book ten years after it was written made it very hard to get into it . for one thing , the author still talks about the ussr and east germany , and those countries faded away so long ago that the whole book seems dated . it 's hard to suspend disbelief and imagine this book was really written far in the future . 
music neg 126.txt he just needs to retire . screw this non-gangsta . no real g sings , they just rap , god 
software neg 711.txt once again quickbooks dangles promises to us mac folk that just do n't add up . if you 're like me , your accountant and bookkeeper are on windoz - that 's why i was psyched when i thought i would really be able to share my mac qb files with them , and vice-versa . mistake #1 - i give my bookkeeper a backup from qb 2006 before i updated to 2007. big mistake . qb is not backward compatable . so when my bookkeper sent the file back to me in mac format , ( after spending hours updating it ) , i was not able to import it into qb 2007. to me , this is nuts . but the helpful tech person we spoke with , suggested that even if it had been ' 07 this sharing business between mac and windows versions is sort of a one time deal . this was n't intended to be a back and forth thing , between mac and windows . huh ? so what 's the point ? here 's my work-around : i bought a used xp box on ebay and am trading my mac ' 07 for windoz ' 07. 
dvd pos 32.txt 2 fast 2 furious is one of those sequels that comes around every so often that does n't require you to have seen the original . i saw this movie for the first time not too long after it came out , and having never seen the original , i thought i would be lost and would n't enjoy myself as much as other people , but on the contrary - i left the experience much happier than when i came in . this film is full of quick one-liners that deserve a laugh . the special effects and the car races will leave your mouth gaping open . i have heard and read that people did n't appreciate this film as much because it seemed to focus more on a plot than the first film did rather than focus more on the races , but overall , i think the balance works well . even thinking of the plot that we are left with , i really ca n't see another time when a race would even be appropriate . and as for people saying that this film is worse than the original , i would have to disagree...why ? frankly , i have always been a firm believer than vin diesel is entirely overrated as an actor . ( i mean , c'mon - have you seen the pacifier ? ) he 's nothing more than a meat head who , while able to do pretty good fight scenes , should leave the dialogue to someone else . yes , this film is for the younger crowd , and there are numerous occasions when unbelievable events take place ( take the boat jumping as an example ) , but there is no saying that an older person would n't enjoy it as well...the only thing that i will say is that you really should n't go into this film expecting an oscar worthy performance , or else you will be disappointed . if you sit back and take this as the fun romp that it is , however , you will thoroughly enjoy yourself 
software neg 567.txt it 's definitely an awful piece of software . it 's totally unstable under winxp sp2 and ie7. follow other peoples advice and get quicken ' 06 
books pos 617.txt i read the hundred penny box when i was in third grade 13 years ago . its messages of love and memory have stayed with me and will continue to do so forever . i have created my own hundred penny box and just made one for a friend 's newborn son . my grandfather was recently diagnosed with altzheimers , an illness i assume that great-great-aunt dew suffered from . i took my ratty old copy of the book to his house over easter . we read it together and discussed his own memories over the years . while his memory is fading , i felt it important to hear them myself , love them , and save them in my own memory as michael did for aunt dew . i would reccomend this book to any child who is losing a grandparent and anyone who needs a good , heartwarming story 
books neg 361.txt this is a first person account of a trip to the arctic in the 1860 's narrated by a civil war deserter . within the first few pages , our hero enlists , pilfers letters off battlefield corpses , deserts , is injured in nyc draft riots , ends up in new bedford , ma and signs up on a sailing ship without ryhme or reason or knowing where it was going . the book was downhill from there . page after page described ice and the crew 's interminable struggles to get through . getting through the book was nearly as interminable . the reader never gets to know the narrator enough to empathize with him , or really understand him at all . thus , his struggles ring hollow and he evokes no sympathy during his struggles . there are elements of fantasy in the book . not enough to make it a fantasy , but enough to steer a reader off course . the scientist on the mission is after a warm garden of eden in the middle of the arctic . he is mad or it 's fantasy , it is hard to know until the end . there is a fantasy interlude when a character who has three hands ( the most likeable character in the book ) describes how he got his third hand . from that yarn comes the title " rope eater " . the title really has nothing to do with the book , other than rope eaters and the crew members suffered pain . besides the tedious turning of the plot , the characters lack any development . only the three handed man and the captain , both tangential characters , had any depth whatsoever . this book seemed to be an attempt at adventure , but not enough happened between the interminable accounts of ice to build much tension . it never developed the aspect of the deterioration of the characters - mentally and physically - it just happened . although the reader knew the characters must be suffering , it never came through the over-writing . as one might expect , the crew 's mission to find the warm garden of eden in the arctic was pointless . so was this book . it was a disappointment . 
books pos 547.txt as gifted a story teller as he is a veterinarian , james herriot has the rare ability to bring out every emotion known to the human race with a single magical flick of his pen . every living thing is without a doubt one of the crowning achievements of a master , and is possessed by a single , true trait that is difficult to find in many commercial books - every single tale is told straight from the heart . you will never fail to laugh at the hilarious tales and cry at the most poignant moments . if you 're an animal lover , or even just have a passing interest in animals , this is a book you will hold on to and re-read until the end of your days . kudos , james herriot , you are very much missed 
software neg 15.txt this product could put user / customer 's life at risk . the mapping software navigates user turning into a one way street and takes you to a very remote off-road . this is the worst product that i have used in my life . 
music pos 920.txt i bought this for my wife , a huge fan of patrick o'brian ( she 's read the books twice in the past two years alone ) . ironically , it now sits in my car 's cd shuffler where it undoubtedly gets the most airtime . i love this music ! as another reviewer mentioned , with some cofee ( killick , there ! ) , this music and desolation island in your hand , you feel transported to a life of long ago . when men sang to rouse the soul , brighten the spirit , damn the enemy and win the heart of their colleen ( sorry...nancy ) - all with spine , mind and muscle fully intact . the harmonies are rich , the voices deep . and yet , the last reviewer 's questions have the faint ring of truth . my first hearing rang a bit flat , the music sounding just this side of stale . but , in the end , it just do n't signify . even on that first run , by the end of the cd i was clumsily , but merrily joining in with the crew . i suppose i have come to imbue the songs with a life of my own , belting them out at full volume down the highway . i hope you enjoy them as much as i do 
music pos 642.txt more like 3.5. so . half of this album is excellent . the rest is filler . but , due to " times like these " , " all my life " , disenchanted lullaby ( the intro irritates me but it gets better ) , " have it all " ( kinda sappy but i love the intro ) , " low " ( have you seen the video ? ) and " overdrive " ( again , kinda sappy but there 's something about it i love ) , the album is pretty enjoyable . it does n't compare to the first three , but it has its moments . the riffs are slightly heavier , most songs are pretty upbeat . " times like these " is an instant classic with awesome lyrics , while " all my life " rocks harder than pretty much all previous songs . kinda sucks how the best songs are / were singles , but if they had released other songs , no-one would buy the album . mind you , my friend loves " burn away " , so listen to the previews and make your own mind up 
software neg 580.txt once i figured this software out , i was able to do a slideshow of my pictures , integrate video , and produce a decent dvd . only problem is , it distorts all my video footage by forcing it into 4:3 whereas my dvd camcorder shoots in 16:9. this sucks . i have been buying other software packages ever since trying to get my video to stay in 16:9. roxio support did e-mail me back with the blanket statement that it does n't support 16:9 at this time . even in the new 7.5 version . roxio needs to join the rest of us in 2005 and bring their software to be compatible in widescreen 
health neg 611.txt i was never able to use this mirror successfully due to its low light source . agree with other users- -this mirror was no better than an unlighted one . 
books neg 338.txt " the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope 
music neg 232.txt when it comes to big star 's 70 's output , you can call me a hopeless fanboy , because after listening to in space , it seems that only a hopeless fanboy would think that thirty-some-years later , exactly one-half of the classic big star lineup could- --or in forever difficult alex chilton 's case , would be so inclined- --to attempt to recapture the lightning-in-a-bottle transcedent pop magic that made those 70s discs so great . this disc has way more in common with chilton 's oft-times difficult , mostly self-indulgent solo work than with any of big star 's previous fascinating pop near-perfection . while i 'll admit that i have enjoyed a good chunk of chilton 's solo work , ( in a slightly guilty , rolling-my-eyes , " oh...that alex ! " sorta way.. . ) my musical sensibilities are somehow offended by the fact that this group and that this particular collection of songs are presented as " big star . " in space is connected musically to the original big star by little more than the fact that two of the same guys in this band were in that band . if you do n't expect much , you wo n't be disappointed . 
health neg 884.txt i first bought the standard , and then the large size in an attempt to have a pair that fit well . i used them riding a bike in the winter months . neither pair fit well and there are most likely very few people who will obtain a good fit . for the goggles to be snug enough to prevent wind from entering ( and prevent tearing ) causes great pressure above the ear . the rigid design somehow discourages turning your head freely . i retired my clics when i found foam padded sunglasses for motorcyclists . 
camera pos 541.txt of course , it had to be kodak . no matter what people say , i have always and will always use a kodak digital camera , i 've found this camera to be a real warrior , last one i had lasted about 4 year and this one looks even better , photo cuality its very good and colors are great , no excesive blue or red in your pics , night photo taking its excelent in close shots . 4 stars beacuse its really a batterie eater , but its nothing a 25$ batterie charger can ` t solve . sorry for grammar mistakes but english is not my natal lenguaje 
health neg 652.txt i bought one last year as it was supposed to be accurate and you could do it yourself . doing it yourself is misleading as the directions for one of measuring sites for women require you to hold it in your right hand and measure the back of your right tricep . impossible to do both at the same time . even with the help of my trainer who is skilled at using calipers it gave widely variable readings and inconsistant results . the feature that takes your % body fat and classifies your level by age never worked . mine was stuck making the classification by the youngest age group for women . basically it ignored specific data entered in for age and male / female . i was very disappointed but was fortunate to get my money back 
health pos 529.txt this dispenser is easy to install and works perfectly every time . after initially filling the dispensers , it took several pumps for the product to dispense but after that it comes out on the first push of the button . it has been very convenient in my shower and no more shampoo bottles all over the shower ! it also saves on my shampoo because the kids just push the button twice to dispense the amount they need instead of pouring shampoo out of the bottles and using more than they need 
music pos 908.txt dj quik ( the best producer ever ) did all the tracks in this one with help from robert bacon on some tracks . this album is just classic nuthin more to it ! 
dvd pos 569.txt this film seems to be known worldwide as a " chick flick " , from the romantic aspects of it , to the current anniversary dvd 's pink cover . i 'm an 18 year old guy who absolutely digs this film , especially due to the holly golightly character . after viewing this film for the first time , i developed a crush on the character holly ( kind of goofy , i guess , but it 's very hard for me to dislike a character like her . ) audrey hepburn played her to perfection . the film was also brilliantly shot by franz planer and directed by blake edwards . i love the film 's dialogue as well , it has a very realistic quality , and it 's so fun to hear the characters converse with each other . " breakfast at tiffany 's " is perhaps the best " date " movie ever conceived . this film is an absolute classic that is worth subsequent viewings and it will never age . 
software neg 850.txt if i could , i would give this negative stars.caveat emptor ! let the buyer beware . i made the horrible and expensive mistake of buying this the beginning of feb. 2007. i had to open the box to realize i needed to load it as administrator . that was beyond my limited knowledge . since it was opened i stupidly believed in their money back guarantee and got a return authorization . it took forever and many calls . they kept on lying on when the refund was mailed . yes , this went into april 2007 ! ! ! ! ! they insisted the mailing date was april 9th . on the 18th i thought i 'd never get it . they stopped payment and maybe issued another . well , i received the $199 ( i am shafted on my state sales tax . ) but because those idiots did n't put the name of my street , it apprently was returned and what i got was postmarked april 16th ! ! ! ! ! and they refuse to rescind the stoppayment . sooooo...i now need to pray i will ever receive the replacement . horrible customer service . i ca n't beleive these people sell accounting and contact software 
dvd pos 477.txt jean renoir 's masterpiece , ' the grand illusion ' , is truly a film about humanity - it is a universal theme , something we can all understand and relate to . the triumph of the human spirit in the most troubled times , is kind of an ironic theme considering hitler 's imminent rise to power and the ensuing war that would alter the course of history . nevertheless , jean renoir 's poetic homage to brotherhood is one of his most beloved films . it is not hard to like this movie the acting and direction are superb - jean gabin is one of the all time great actors. . jean renoir 's innovative approach would influence countless directors to come , including orson welles. . criterion did a marvelous job on this dvd - also worth getting is ' the rules of the game ' jean renoir 's greatest satire 
health neg 694.txt the " original " glide was made by ( or used ) gore tex material . the photo for this product showed the logo for gore tex . the product shipped was the product now marketed by crest ; no mention of gore tex . the crest product is vastly inferior to the " original " gore tex 
dvd neg 482.txt great book , too bad the movie changes almost the entire story by leaps and bounds . i was only half way through the novel when i bought the movie , almost did n't finish reading it . they must have paid the author alot to destroy what could have been an epic film . on a brighter note i agree with the other reviewors that saphira 's voice was right on , and while the movie character of brom was fully wasted , jeremy irons did a fine job . i look forward to starting the next book , but will skip the next movie . 
software pos 903.txt maybe it 's because i was upgrading from an older version - - 2002 - - but i found the new features to be very good . for example.. . the junk mail feature works better than any other i have used . it was catching junk from the very beginning , and has missed very few things . i have only had one thing put in the junk folder that was not junk email . also the security features are far superior to the 2002 version . and the calendar is more flexible and easier to use . installation was seemless . i think it might be a little overpriced , but considering how long i will keep it , it 's not too bad 
software neg 790.txt i have been using this program for five years now and i 'm finally going to switch to quicken . the ' invoice designer ' is a total waste of time.. . it just has n't worked for years and microsoft will do nothing to get it to work . this is the unwanted step child of microsoft , so please do n't waist your time 
music pos 481.txt this guy is amazing . i keep playing this for people and they love it and tell me they have never heard anything like it . i even got a huge discount at the auto shop for just having this cd . after the mechanic took my car from the parking lot and listened to one minute of this , he came in and said " that sounds crazy ! you have to let me copy this " after getting a nice chunk of cash taken off my bill , this cd already paid for itself and never collects dust . i know everyone compares clark to aphex twin , boards of canada , and autechre , but for good intentions . he is already that good , after just a few releases 
camera neg 557.txt i 'm not a good photographer but use my cameras for vacation / backpacking pictures . the p3 was the fourth point and shoot nikon camera my family has owned . one of the previous cameras had the lens quit woking probably because it got some dirt in it . on the p3 the lens extends out pretty far when the camera is turned on . i accidently dropped it from about 30 " off the ground when it was only a few days old . it landed on the back but flipped over on to the lens . the outer ring of the lens ended up crooked and would not retract or focus . i sent it back to nikon and as i expected they said the repair would not be covered by warranty . they charged $162.50 to fix it . mastercard has a program called " purchase assurance " that will hopefully cover the repair cost ! the other night i saw a commercial on tv for an olympus camera that could be dropped from 5 feet , get wet , or even frozen down to 14 degrees f and still take pictures . i wish i had seen that ad first . the nikon takes great pictures but is way too fragile for a small point and shoot camera . not buying nikon anymore . 
camera pos 548.txt what i love about this case is its softness and its superior quality . it fits just like a glove and it protects the camera at the time it never poses a danger to it . ( i have had other older cases that scratched or even crushed the cameras ) . this one seems to be an improved model . it does not need to have handles because you are supposed to use the strap on the camera . highly recommendable 
camera neg 596.txt i made mistake getting such a big & bulky case for small minidv sony camcorder hc26. this case can take any big size old camcorders ( like old sony hi8 ) , so if you are looking for your new camcorder this definately is a bad choice 
software neg 36.txt i bought this software primarily so i could create slideshows with music and other special effects . since i got it , i have had nothing but problems . first of all , it would not install completely on my computer . the techs at adobe could not figure out the problem . after i reformatted my hard drive , i finally got photoshop to install properly . then another problem . when i burned my slideshow photos to a vcd , they came out just awful ( unlike adobe 's demo video showing a perfectly created slideshow . ) boy , was i deceived ! i cannot say that this software is all bad . it does a nice job in correcting exposure errors in digital photos . however , if you want to create neat slideshows , photoshop elements 4.0 is not worth the cost 
software pos 780.txt one of the best programs that i have to work with cd & dvd 
software neg 797.txt i purchased a package for window xp in may this year and just got a computer on which i wanted to use it . on thursday nov. 25 , we wanted install it but the boot disk # 4 was observed to be problematic and thus the whole installation was not successful . please advice me . thanks rev , ndorle 
dvd neg 449.txt okay , i gave a pretty bad review of this dvd originally because it did n't play right . but after viewing it without the technical problems , i would like to say that it is a pretty good program and given the rarity of the subject matter , a good addition to any collection . ancient muscle conditioning ? not many dvd 's out there on the subject . i 've edited my original review and it wo n't allow me to give it more stars , but i 'd give it 4. sorry , mr. keen , if i cost you sales on this . i commend you for putting this out 
camera pos 256.txt i bought this lens a little over a year ago for macro shooting . i quickly found out , however , that to shoot macro-only with this lens is a crime . it is a very versitile lens . its fast f / 2.8 aperture makes for good shooting in low light . i pretty much use this outdoors as the 100mm with the 1.6x crop factor of my rebel xt eliminates most indoor oppurtunities . i frequently use this lens for family portraits , the resultant photo is so crisp and clear and the bokeh really helps add snap to the primary subject . as others have stated , this is a heavy lens . it does n't have image stabilization ( is ) so a tripod or monopod is a great accessory to get the best images . i use a beefy monopod for my best shots , although i have a lot of handheld gems.. . if you are tight for cash , this is n't the " one lens " that does it all . if you are looking for a versitile lens that can do outstanding macros and portraits , this is that lens . 
software neg 264.txt i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program . 
software pos 286.txt i have been using pc-cillin after dumping mcafee following some lousy customer support with no issues . this new version i was very concerned after reading all of the reviews . it does seem to slow things a little on my amd pc if i am running all of the options i can run but even with them it is tolerable . i am sure you would not want to run this on anything less but it does work and managing it has been simple . 
music neg 394.txt this was just to much country for this parrothead . i liked one song , piece of work and that was about it 
health pos 681.txt the product is very good , do not misunderstand me although it is not as good as the same produt when we bought it ten years ago : the curls tend to stay put less time compared with the former hair curler tubes . but still , we strongly recommend them against heat activated tubes . it 's a good buy 
music neg 4.txt this industry is " goin down " u call this an album ? ? ? lo 
music neg 114.txt and he 's a super-talented drummer . the day the foos release a best-of compilation i 'll probably pick it up . otherwise , i 'm sad to say that the average foo fighters album cut just does n't cut it for me . all of the songs on there is nothing left to lose are mediocre , run-of-the mill " alternative " rock . only " stacked actors " has some real songwriting substance and it does have some swagger and bite , but to be perfectly honest , it still is n't a huge turn-on in my book . " learn to fly , " the other track that got some airplay on alt-rock radio , may as well have been written by the outfield or some other average rock band along those lines . i almost gave this album two stars , but unfortunately i think that rating would be just too generous . foo fighters have made some really good songs , like " everlong . " but i honestly do n't think they 'd be nearly as big if grohl had n't drummed for one of the most highly revered and charismatic bands of all time , nirvana . elsewhere , their fantastic cover versions such as gary numan 's " down in the park " and prince 's " darling nikki " suggest they are great rockers but less great in the songwriting department 
health neg 114.txt the item pictured here is not what you will receive . you will receive a different model that has a different external and possibly internal design . most important is that the model you get will not have the little orange change filter indicator . this very important feature takes the guess-work out of when to change the filter . do n't buy this item from this seller if you expect to get what is pictured . thanks , pj-berk 
books pos 352.txt i requested this book for my college music class . i saw many offers from b&n and other book stores and i found amazon having the best price and received the book on time . the book was in great condition and my fellow students were surprised when they heard the price and the shipping response . i totally recommend this site and book for school . the book was comprehensible and well illustrated . 
dvd pos 539.txt this is a beautifully orchestrated tale about the delightful absurdity in all human endeavor . it is also a story of cross-cultural misunderstanding of the highest order . kinsky was a madman in the film and in real life and therefore perfect for the part . the scene of the steam ship spinning out of control in that waterfall is one of the memorable in the history of the cinema . the cinematography and editing are a masterpiece . unforgettable 
camera pos 293.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
music neg 622.txt paul brown is a tremendously talented artist and producer with a wonderful engineering background that allows him to set the standard in smooth jazz for clean production and versatile music . however , content on his latest project , " white sand " is n't musically expressive as the content heard on his first two solo albums . the artist collaborations on " white sand " make it tempting to purchase , but you quickly realize brown 's musical wittiness and versatility ( smooth , latin or r&b ) are lacking . overall it is still a cd worth paying for 
music pos 183.txt goth meets cabaret , or rather gothic music influenced by cabaret . thats the best way to describe this wonderful little release by projekt . the eleven tracks here provide an introduction to the " dark cabaret " scene , and do so quite well . the first song , coin-operated boy by the dresden dolls , is a great start , and the cd continues onward to devious evil night together by jill tracy ( which sets up a wonderful film noir mood ) and on to the darker , electronic dance number cabaret fortune teller by audra , to a remix of knock three times on my coffin by projekt veterans black tape for a blue girl . along the way numerous other bands are covered . sam rosenthal 's side project revue noir makes their debut on this cd , with husky feminine vocals provided by nicki jaine , who also has a solo song ( pretty faces ) on the cd as well . personally , i loved revue noir and find nicki jaine 's voice to be quite alluring , but i also know some btfabg fans who dislike her vocals so you 've been warned . but all in all , i think anyone with a task for the dark should check out this cd . at the very least , its a cheap and decent introduction to a whole new style , and thats always a good thing 
camera pos 88.txt i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly . 
health pos 28.txt i encountered these at last week 's carlsbad triathlon . they tasted really good and i figured if it 's good enough for the military , i 'll give it a try...sure enough , the military knows what it 's doing- -it seems to work as claimed . thumbs up , or , hooah 
camera neg 762.txt this camcorder is only good for outdoor recording . in indoor recording or recording in little bit low light , picture quality is very bad . i tried to record in my living room where i have two 100 watt bulbs but recorded picture was very blurred . in outdoor recording in a sunny day , picture quality is quite good with sharp colors . zoom works well 
software pos 246.txt as far as gps software goes , there is nothing better available than streets & trips and autoroute . there are dozens of features that you ca n't find with the self-contained gps units . it is easy to add multiple stops and to optimize them into the best order , night-view is another great feature , as are the topographical maps . the new feature offered this year , of easy-linking to satellite photos of places on the map , is also a welcome addition . the only reason i 'm giving it a four is because of the following : 1 ) there is still no ground-level or 3d view of the roads for use in the gps function 2 ) they still have n't added an option to exclude roads that ban trucks or commercial traffic form using them . 3 ) there is n't a lot of coverage for eastern european countries , most notably , nothing in russia . nonetheless , it is still better than any other gps software on the market 
camera neg 93.txt there 's little more to say....great item , almost a " must have " , but forty bucks for a half ounce of plastic is absolutely criminal 
camera neg 117.txt i bought this lens for my canon 30d after reading every professional review i could find . i knew going in that this lens was n't perfect but , was supposed to be better than the 18-55 kit lens . i liked the range that it provided and the image stabilization . i shot pictures with this lens and was extremely dissapointed . the pictures were not sharp at all and the colors were dull . i thought it might have been my new camera at first because i could n't imagine the quality would be this bad . i ruled this out after i used my canon 28-105 lens i had for my canon film slr and the results were much better . for the digital focal length though , my old lens would n't suffice because of the 1.6x focal factor . later , i decided on the tamron 17-50 / 2.8 after reading reviews . the salesperson at the professional camera store guessed that my pictures were very soft when i told him i had this canon lens . he said , " let me guess , you 'd like to try the tamron 17-50 / 2.8. " he said that this was the very best lens to buy in the price range and to take it home and try it . i could return it with no questions asked if i was n't satisfied . he also said that he had n't had one person return it yet . my first images with this lens were great . they were sharp and had way more vibrant color . there is absolutely no comparison at all . i was hesitant to buy a third party lens but , my fears were instantly eliminated after seeing the results . this is the first review i have ever posted on amazon . i was so dissapointed that i wanted to help others not make the same mistake . after spending $$$ on a digital slr , it would be a waste not to get great pictures with it because of the lens . before taking a chance on buying the canon , do yourself a big favor and try the canon and tamron at a local store . 
music neg 153.txt i have never been able to see what the big deal was about this band . all of their records , in general , sound exactly the same , and this one is no exception . post-velvets guitar / organ drones , lackadaisical vocals , blankly uninteresting non-lyrics ( they could have recited their grocery lists and it would have been more interesting ) , and a dramatic lack of energy ; all of yo la tengo 's trademarks are fully represented here , and if you can stay awake through it , you 're a better man / woman than i . a surpassingly boring record , even from this usually very boring band . if you 've heard the velvet underground , neu ! , stereolab 's early records , and sonic youth , you 've heard yo la tengo in total . if you 're a big enough fan of those named bands , you could probably write songs that sound like & quot ; painful . &quot ; but you would probably write better ones . avoid this like the plague unless you suffer from insomnia 
books pos 298.txt frazee 's comical " guide for babies of all ages " has a subconscious message behind the humor , meanwhile encouraging those first few steps that will open up a universe of new experiences , baby leaving the shelter of the familiar for the unknown . the roly-poly baby illustrated is tiny compared to everything around him , objects taller than him , but once he pulls himself up and begins that first , tentative journey , it is impossible to stop . of course , there are a few cautions along the way , " be careful of things that are wobbly ; stay away from fragile stuff " . there are the usual setbacks , too-much too-soon and a tumble to the floor , followed by a howl and the effort to being again . cleverly worded and cheerfully illustrated , this tongue-in-cheek guide is a delight , offering more food for thought than is first apparent . luan gaines / 2006. 
health neg 912.txt not the pumps described even though i tried everything else . i found that taking whey protein isolate at 200grams per day worked better at giving me a pump during my workouts . 
camera neg 645.txt just returned the mobicam - had poor reception , even in adjacent room ! smallo screen & not stable - falls easy & seems like would break very quickly with a 3 yr old in the house ! 
music pos 876.txt incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back 
books neg 349.txt i was expecting new and interesting ideas from this book , but was disappointed . if you truly have no idea how to find a sales baseline for your business or do n't know how to track trends , this book is for you . if you are like me ( you know the basics but were trying to find a more thorough approach ) , i would n't buy the book 
dvd neg 746.txt everything is this movie seems out of place . the old cliche & quot ; good cop-bad cop&quot ; , lived by sutherland and his pal does n't work at all ! dridget is in an awkward performance , totally unconvincing , unreal , flat . anyway , it serves to study how a movie with so good cast can be a tremendous waste of time . 
books neg 646.txt this entire book reads like an 8th-grade research paper . from an uncountable amount of grammatical and spelling errors to numerous repeated sentences ( literally quotes retyped word for word , pages apart ) , it 's difficult not to get irritated while reading this . the information on weezer is great , but often times the author veers away from focusing on the band and gives too much information on things that even the most obsessed fan wo n't care about . unfortunately , this appears to be the only book on weezer out right now , so if you want to learn more about the band in book form this is all you 've got . i suggest just browsing around their official website , because it 's obvious that 's where the author got quite a bit of his information . do n't waste your money 
software pos 373.txt i love this product . it is easy to use and lots of designs to chosse from 
software neg 424.txt this might be the greatest mapping program in existance , but i would never know . very user unfriendly . there is no instruction book provided with it ( or available that i can find . ) the help function is very poor and does n't provide adequate instructions . if you just need basic mapping functions save your money and use one of the free online websites 
dvd neg 302.txt i love pablo 's act on comedy central . this one does n't even touch it 
health pos 656.txt well this is marketed as a quick and healthy snack for kids , but i find it perfect for me . it 's a great charge of chocolate and not too many calories and bit of fiber , what more can you ask for 
dvd neg 514.txt i watched parts of all the " let 's dance salsa " dvds and what a joke . is this guy serious ? he needs to get a few dvds himself to find out about salsa , rhythm , lead and following , and just general concepts of dancing . i agree with a few other folks who wrote reviews...what qualifies him as an instructor ? i think he 's doing an injustice to salsa . if anyone is considering learning from these dvds...don't . you 'll not only learn some bad habits in dancing , but you 'll be a joke on the dance floor . the only worth these dvds have to anyone interested in salsa is for a good laugh . seriously...amazon should consider removing this product 
dvd neg 659.txt the unbearable lightness of being was considered an unfilmable novel for a good reason : the point of kundera 's writing is not his plot - or even his characters - but his style . for instances , his endless digressions about history , politics , and philosophy . for the movie , we are left with nothing but plot and character . ok , what is one to do ? that in itself would n't be so bad if i did n't watch the film with the constant thought : i could read the book in less time than it takes me to watch this movie . this is a slow film . it takes an hour-and-a-half story and takes three hours to tell it . i ca n't recommend the film 
books neg 988.txt margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all . beauty , popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home . yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.she is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them . she has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day . her life takes a different turn when she meets danny . he is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated . he is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely , yet they both start a bond with each other . the book was interesting but after awhile i got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters 
dvd pos 243.txt watching this movie is a very bizarre experience . having attended high school in the countryside , close to large clusters of amish farms , i had heard stories from my friends at school about rumspringing amish teenagers . i dismissed most of them as rumor . this movie confirmed that those wild stories i heard were probably true . a very intruiging look at the flipside of a lifestyle most americans cannot even begin to comprehend . worth a rental at the very least 
software pos 503.txt what can i say other than this is simply hands down the best operating system on the planet ! we were spoiled by how flawless it performed , and sold our pc soon afterward . 
music pos 333.txt this is without doubt the most beautiful , moving song i have ever heard . i cry every time i listen to it . i will ask my family to have it played at my funeral . the lyrics and symbolism are born of emotional genius . the solo vocalist and the instrumentation are flawless . this selection is the hope diamond of contemporary music 
software neg 579.txt i was extremely disappointed in this " upgrade " . i had roxio 's easy cd creator 5 and loved it . that product allowed you to easily arrange your music on the dics , burn it , then create a lable or insert for the disc with almost no effort . almost everything was intuitive . creator 7 is a big step back in ease of use and utility . so they added a few new bells and whistles , so what ? the base use of this product is to make music cd 's and to create inserts . arranging music is not as easy as it was before . and the insert creator is so frustrating to use i do n't bother . in fact , i have continued to use creator 5 and have simply written off the fact i paid $100 for creator 7 - for nothing ! now , with a computer upgrade , creator 5 no longer works . i do n't dare try another roxio product ( just read the reviews for 7.5 and that appears to be a total waste of money ) . i 'll be taking my chances on anything else . . . not roxio 
dvd neg 892.txt what an incredible waste of acting talent " there was a crooked man " turned out to be . director joseph mankiewicz celebrated for classics such as " all about eve " and " the barefoot contessa " should be embarrassed by this bomb . kirk douglas plays paris pittman jr. a charming , persuasive prisoner incarcerated in territorial prison for ten years for an armed robbery that netted him $500 , 000. he hid the loot prior to his capture . it 's presence is common knowledge among the inmates giving him celebrity status . newly appointed warden woodrow lopeman played by henry fonda is trying to use douglas ' influence to coax the inmates help him initiate prison reform . under the guise of playing along with fonda , douglas secretly plots his escape to be reunited with his ill gotten cash . with an excellent cast including hume cronyn , burgess meredith and lee grant , i expected a whole lot more than this disappointing flick delivered 
music pos 172.txt recorded 2001 - 2002. it has become all too common that few are taken to task for saying or doing stupid things . what 's worse is that no one seems to care . this is the kind of thing that pisses lewis black off . the angrier he gets the funnier he is . i first came to appreciate mr. black on the comedy central 's " daily show . " i always felt that there should have been more time devoted to lewis black . i wanted more - i needed more - i had to have more ! so i went to my " mental health club , " amazon.com and bought every title available . the end of the universe , rules of engagement and luther burbank preforming arts center blues - ( i had already purchased the white album ) which one is the best ? all of them ! as i write this review - i realize that i still want more - so i am buying the dvd's . there is nothing dated about this material . in 2006 it is just as - if not funnier than when first released . please lewis keep recording it still is not enough ! casl 
dvd neg 802.txt this is not a review of this item , but the whole series . not only are the films in this bundle not all musicals , this bundle is sent intstead of the purchased bundle . until amazon straightens out the mess in titles , forget ordering alice faye and betty grable bundles : particularly marquee musicals . 
software neg 355.txt i really like the rosetta stone product ( although it is over priced ) . warning : rosetta stone ( fairfield language technologies ) will not replace a cd if it is lost , stolen or damaged unless you bought the product directly from them ( and then they charge you $30 for a replacement cd ) . i had the misfortune of purchasing from a local bookstore and someone had stolen the disk from inside the package . in this case i can get my money back from the store i bought it from but since you ca n't backup the disks you had better be very careful to not lose one 
music neg 783.txt holy cow , i was ready to rip my hair out after listening to this . horrible , sophomoric , insipid.. . yuk . this is like chinese water torture . drip drip drip on and on . yaaaggghhhh 
software pos 70.txt i liked everything about this product except it is a little too slow at times . i always shoot with nikon raw format . it has hung a couple of times and i had to kill it after waiting for 10-15 minutes . 
dvd pos 962.txt firstly , do n't let the dvd region 1 status put you off - i am in australia and this disc played perfectly on my pc , dvd player and even the ps2 ! it 's wonderful to finally see an intimate performance by elvis costello on dvd ! it brought so many memories of his tour in 2004 back to me . elvis fans will love this dvd featuring his latest music , along with many oldies , it is very rare to get up close and personal with this man ! elvis gives 100% of himself on stage ! a must for your music dvd collection 
camera neg 371.txt the camera is just plain cheap . takes nothing but fuzzy , low resolution pictures . the thing weighs a ton and even for all that the binoculars are only mediocre . a great idea , maybe someday someone will actually do it right 
music pos 973.txt another solid 70 's band that faded into obscurity . the nice thing about living in canada was that we got to see all of the minor as well as the major acts . edward bear fell between the two . the original members got together in the late sixties and took their name from a more famous bear named winnie . all of their hits are here as well as a cover of " freedom for the stallion " , a song that was also covered by " the hues corporation " and popularized by " three dog night " . its mostly the type of music that most will remember a favourite love by from " the last song " to " close your eyes " ( i 'm back again ) . a good middle of the road pop album to melt back the years 
books pos 846.txt i felt that the book was basically the same as the previous edition , with the exception of aromatherapy , and electric filing . unfortionatly no one book can give all of the information that is required about a subject . that is what teaching is all about . i generally supplement the material from other books , and florida law so our students stay on the right path . over all i would have to say that this book was above average , and addressed many of the changes in the industry to date 
camera pos 701.txt i went to ritz camera today and took a good look at the tz3. i 'll tell you , its pretty nice . the build quality is really good , as a previous person mentioned . the body is metal . the dials and buttons click with precision , and have a nice resistance . it has a nice weight to it . i took some nice shots in the store . i must have clicked off 100 pics . i 'm impressed with it . if you want something relatively small , powerful and tough , this camera is for you . the 10x zoom is great , but on such a small camera it is difficult to hold it steady enough ( at least for me ) to use the zoom too much . i love the build quality and style , so i may be biased . it 's a nice piece of equipment . i cannot speak to the photo quality only having seen pics on the camera 's lcd 
health pos 698.txt this scale was easy to understand and measures the same as my doctors office . easy to monitor weight and fat 
software pos 868.txt i am so satisfied with this trendmicro security system , that i highly recommend it to everyone . without mentioning my previous system , this is tops ! i have never felt so secure before getting this system . thank you for being able to supply me with it . i hope through word of mouth and mail , that i have caused others to go for it . i do know of 3 people at least who are changing . thank you again 
music pos 346.txt i read about lila downs ' new cd , la cantina , in victor cruz - lugo 's article entitled , " sweet sorrow , " published in the june-july 2006 issue of hispanic magazine ( page 76 ) . it is an honor and a pleasure to offer these few reflections on lila downs ' new cd , la cantina : 1. the cd cover is awesome , a beautiful and colorful work of art illustrating lila in a pensive and contemplative mid-air pause with her guitarra ready to rock . it strikes me as an example of the rising feminine in our time , awakening the historically-oppressed feminine from its slumber and into an alto canto of unstoppable and celebratory song . 2. each track is a lively composition of mexican corridos and sones impregnated with lila 's lovely voice that makes me feel so proud to be mexicano-chicano-hualahuisense and a member of our precious universal human family . 3. i first was introduced to lila downs and her musical talent when i enrolled in writer juan felipe herrera 's legendary manikrudo summer arts class at cal state fresno in 2000. juan felipe invited her to our class room and she impressed us all with her down-to-earth talented voice . later that night we all saw her in concert at the tower theatre in fresno and i 've been a fan of her work ever since . 4. this new cd is indeed a delightful experience . i appreciate that she moved into the corrido , son , etc. genres which makes me appreciate her music so much more . it has so much more appeal to me without bordering on the commercial and superficious . it 's authentic and retains its articistic musical integrity . i think that this is a hallmark that we can expect from all of lila 's work . she is a true artist . i 've always appreciated her darker and earthier songs in her first two cds , however , this new stride into popular folk corridos is a movement into another aspect of the heart and soul of the mexicano experience . 5. i am very impressed with lila 's voice and how it has matured since the summer of 2000. there seems to be more color and flair in it and definitely mucho corazon . ahua ! her solos in " yo ya me voy , " have my soul spinning to the outer edges of infinity . as victor cruz-lugo writes , " through it all , downs ' powerful alto voice cuts a path into the deepest pits of your heart , tears something out of there and somewhow we as listeners wind up asking her for more of the same . " this is my favorite of lila 's repertoire . it is my opinion that those who purchase this cd will not be disappointed . enjoy ! 
software neg 468.txt very awesome program for adults and chidren , lots of information on the kids encarta.my son is in first grade and he needed to find some information on money from around the world he did it all himself 
camera pos 358.txt compare to the price of the product i highly recommend to any one who own canon eos camera.. . 
camera pos 992.txt good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways . 
books neg 321.txt i think in retrospect i wasted my time on this one . it had a great premise that indulged me into buying this book but who knew dark days lied ahead of me . as i read through the last chapters trying to uncover the mystery , i kept on hoping that there would be something more to it , something more enigmatic , a brilliant twist but i was left with despair . my major problem with this novel was there were not enough , in fact hardly anybody whom the reader could suspect as the possible killer . and bringing out a totally new character at the very end to describe the proceedings only shows a lack of respect to the mind of the reader who had been guessing until now about various other possibilities . i will never touch this author 's book again ! a mantra for reading thrillers is in believing the hype and read the best of the best-dan brown 
music neg 548.txt this cd was a big seller upon it 's release in 1992 , boasting a plethora of big hits , along with some new songs . looking back through 2005 eyelids , it 's hard to hear why these songs were so huge....the cd starts off well , with hits from the primitive love album , but as one keeps listening , he realizes that none of these songs have passion or depth , a few catchy melodies and pleasant , if plain vocals . the dance numbers at least keep you awake , but the years 1988-92 found estefan leaning on ballads , and one was barely distinguishable from another ; on top of that , the 4 new cuts feel like padding , to fill a cd 's worth of material for a christmastime release...a couple of hits are missing , too ( i.e. , bad boys ) , so to summarize , nothing truly bad here , but precious little on target.. . 
music neg 741.txt thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratc 
software neg 164.txt im computer literate and regularly use a number of varying programs from visio to logic audio to ms office . after picking up illustrator however , im frustrated by the lack of intuition and steep learning curve the software offers . ive been told that the world revolves around 2 types of people : those who " get " vector graphic programs , and those who errrr...dont . unfortunately , after 10 hours use and much manual reading , i fall into the later category . i dont plan to give up however and plan to enroll in a course . this decision was supported by friends proficient in its use - but who had difficulty demonstrating the complex concepts to me . ( indeed , defining the direction of a drawn curve was as intuitive as metaphsyics or nuclear science ! ) so my advice is this : be extremely carefull if youve never used illustrator before . it may be a breeze to those well versed in its use , but to an absoloute beginner its an extremely difficult program to grasp and you may be dissapointed to find this out after youve forked out your hard earned dollars for it . 
dvd neg 707.txt i like almost all of lifetime 's movies and love tuning in to watch but this was certainly not one of the best . the name bring " obsessed " was not what it should have been called , the lady was dreaming and had an illness . this movie had a horrible twist which made the ending bad and hard to follow and understand the whole way through , this movie was not what i had expected . as i said i like almost all of lifetime original movies but i definitely wa n't be watching this one again . 
health pos 178.txt my husband tried this after i bought it and he loves it . it is a great remedy for a hangover or even just a bad morning . it is very hard to find in most drugstores . now i just buy it on the internet . i 've even recommended it to friends who now swear buy it 
camera pos 344.txt excellent case , no question about it . it is stylish and well-put together . this can not be worn on a belt , though , it must go in a pocket , purse , or in your hand . the main thing is that it keeps the awesome camera safe and sound , and it looks good doing it . 
dvd neg 339.txt this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the characters are unlikeable except for charity 's two friends . the songs are far too long and i had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull . i was especially disappointed with big spender because i love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from bob fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar . the only redeeming factor was that sammy davis jr. was in it . he 's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid . this was my first shirley maclaine film and on the back it said that sweet charity was her best movie . i have no desire to see her other movies then 
dvd neg 82.txt i would love to review this lions gate dvd , but i ca n't catch one word in ten . it is not , as advertised , closed-captioned , and the characters ' speech is too casual and british for me to get . drat ! - - i was so chuffed to see there was a cc version 
health neg 753.txt i was very happy with my purchase . the company chose to mail it to me via priority mail in order for it to arrive before christmas . i was very pleased ! ! ! ! 
software neg 700.txt conceptually this is a great game , especially for a child with visions of being a vet . you ( can theoretically ) learn about animals , their care and health issues . those 2 stars for overall are basically for the concept and little else . unfortunately the general usability of this game , vis- -vis lousy controls , is quite low . it 's nearly impossible to move the character at times , which results in stressful failure in the game . it crashes . it ca n't remember simple settings like , leave the terribly loud and obnoxious music off . playing this multiple times with my 6 year old always goes from excitement to frustration ( bordering on tears more than once as a bunny gets woefully ill while your character is comically stuck bouncing between the sofa and ottoman ) . once going you can engage your child by " studying " the books you 've bought . also , as you analyze the patients you learn about ailments as well as the treatments . that is all good stuff , but on whole the game is too frustrating to enjoy . one final note , this is the first time i 've ever bothered to review any product . 
software neg 613.txt i purchased this product after reading many negative reviews on other products ( my last internet security product was pc-cillin , i did n't renew because of the low ratings for 2007 ) . what i found was that an huge load was put on my processor , and system memory apparently because i use a program that feeds video over the internet from a network cam . i never had problems like this before , and after some research on the za support site , i found other users who were having similar problems with their processors overclocking . vsmon.exe seems to be the culprit , and is the main component of the zone alarm product . everything seems fine , as long as i do n't try to use video over the internet ( including im webcams ) . i would recommend thinking about if you intend on using webserver programs before making this purchase 
dvd neg 919.txt i watched this film yesterday at a library , and found its lack of depth and analysis to be dumbfounding . during the first minute , they tell how the revolution began when high bread prices sparked a violent uprising . during the next 99 minutes they narrate the chronological events of increasing violence , using acted scenes , fake blood and sound bytes from " scholars " , to give a " play-by-play " summary of the carnage and beheadings , leading up to a mention of napoleon . during the last thirty seconds , they surprisingly conclude by saying that the french revolution was a very good thing , because it inspired china and vietnam and because louis was a tyrant . prior to this little or no mention had been made of louis ' tyranny , although the film had dwelt on his bedroom difficulties in some detail and also mentioned his weight problem a few times . after watching 90 minutes of bloody scenes , i found the films conclusion that the french revolution was a good thing to be an incomprehensible non sequitur . i would have liked to have seen some historical analysis to support this conclusion 
software pos 492.txt i really liked this version of office . it makes formatting and other tasks like making tables , inserting bullets and the likes much easier . i have not done any work on excel 07 yet , so i ca n't give any feedback about it 
camera pos 724.txt i bought this camera to take pictures of my sons playing basketball . my other camera shot dark grainy pictures indoor . i have had a lot of success with this and really nice outdoor shots as well . what i just started playing with , and i love is the video feature . it is so easy to use and the images are better than i expected . i bought this camera in december as a present to myself and i have used it constantly and recharged the battery twice . this is major to me as my nikon was devouring batteries in an afternoon . the optical zoom is clean , but the digital is definitely noisy . i have had fun shooting pictures of my kids because the shutter speed is so quick and i do n't miss the shot . 
dvd pos 694.txt for those of you who only saw the new film last year ( i bought it with this sight unseen because it looked interesting and it allowed me to get my favorite free shipping deal ) here 's your chance to see the original stories of flicka and her son thunderhead . these 3 films which i am told are pretty faithful to mary o'hara 's novels of the same titles ( i have them too but never read them ) . the main difference between them and the 2006 remake is that is the central character is named " ken ( rather thank katy mclaughlin " , well at least the kept the same name in the remake ) and is played by a young roddy mcdowell in the first 2 films and robert arthur in the third . the reason he probably did n't do " green grass " is that the same year ( 1948 ) he was making the second big screen version of robert louis stevenson 's kidnapped . the first film was released on vhs years ago , and both the first 2 had been previously released on dvd to celebrate their 60th anniversaries . unfortunately those discs are out of print , albeit some amazon sellers are still offering them separately or together . but the copies in this set are exactly the same discs , except for the pictures on the jackets and the labels on the discs . the text on the back of the boxes and list of chapter stops ( on the lists and discs ) are exactly the same as the previous releases . this is also the only way to get all 3 ( if you do n't count the old copies ) as only the first film has been re-released as a separate item ( it also marks the first appearance of " green grass " on video in any way , shape or form ) . by the way , it was also made into the a short lived tv series in 1956 which i doubt we will ever see again . if you like the books and movies of anna sewell 's black beauty and walter farley 's black stallion and the 2006 remake interests ( or interested you ) , get this set before they go out of print again . 
music neg 323.txt i just wanted to let you know about a copyright situation . in this movie there is a part where they are sitting in a mexican food restuarant and there is a song playing in the back round . that song is not listed on the song track and i think it should be . the song is atrevido by orishas . i think this is wrong . 
health pos 175.txt the satinelle ice epilator does exactly what it is supposed to do : remove hair quickly and efficiently by the root . what an advantage ! hair does not reappear as quickly as it does shaving , and when it does , it is not the sharp stubble that happens with shaving . i do n't think it hurts much , though some spots may be a bit more sensitive than others . the trick then is to simply lift it up off of the skin and stop momentarily . i am very happy with this product 
software neg 862.txt save your money . does'nt bill already have enough of it ? i wish bill had to pay us for all the wasted time and headaches . do n't worry , for a few dollars more you can fix it . what a racket 
software pos 231.txt i 've been looking at buying this collection for some time now and i finally broke down and bought it . very pleased with everything included . lots of stuff to use , and not just cheezy clip art - lots of boarders , symbols , brush strokes , etc. the bundle that i bought contained 1 wrong disc ( disc 3 was actually disc 30 ) - one phone call and a new one was sent to my house no questions asked . 
music neg 927.txt i love the " smoky " piano bar sound of this album . i picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at nigh 
dvd pos 626.txt what a great idea , to make a documentary of violinist hilary hahn traveling around the world and concertizing . undoubtedly at the top of her profession , hahn never fails to amaze with her unmistakably gorgeous tone , enviable precision , and brilliant musicality . this dvd " portrait " includes personal footage of hahn backstage at the philharmonie in berlin , as well as a tour at the curtis institute , a recording session at abbey road studios , and a trip to hong kong . in an age of music commercialism , hahn is refreshingly real and self-deprecating . included on this dvd are excerpts from the korngold concerto , mozart sonata for piano and violin in g major , the lark ascending by vaughan williams , chaconne from partita in d minor by bach , and the paganini concerto no . 1. on the menu there is additional concerto footage , which includes the korngold concerto and mozart sonata in their entirety - thank goodness , because there 's nothing more aggravating than replaying excerpts . if for nothing else , buy the dvd for these complete live recordings , because they are absolutely sublime . the outer movements of the korngold sound a lot like film music , which the classical music lover may or may not like , but the second movement is incredibly beautiful and highly recommended . the mozart sonata is also very well played , but this is nothing new as hahn has already released a recording of this . this dvd is important because it contains video footage of hahn performing - the only other dvd where you can find her playing is the last night of the proms , in which she plays the mozart concerto no . 4 in d major and presto from sonata no . 1 by bach , but the sound quality is somewhat lacking and certainly does n't do justice to hahn 
dvd pos 239.txt i am a faithful csi watcher , and have been since the shows inception . i buy the dvd sets and enjoy them tremendously . however , there are two trends i see developing that i do n't care for- --one , there is too much catherine . we know everything about her kid , her dead husband , her crook father , etc. , and she 's really an annoying character . she makes nasty comments about everyone ; she 's always being insubordinate ; she goes out with men half her age ( let 's quit trying to make her seem like a young chick when she is n't , especially wearing those skin tight jeans ) , she is very arrogant , and even though she continually screws up ( loses her camera ; blows up the lab in a previous season , accuses people before she has all the evidence ) , they made her a supervisor . also , the plot line with grissom and sara , while predictable , is not the greatest . i think grissom would be better off paired with lady heather . there 's an idea ! let 's see more of lady heather . still , even with the annoying overabundance of the least likable character ( catherine ) , the show is one of the best , if not the best , on tv ( up there with without a trace , ncis and numbers ) . keep ' em coming 
music neg 403.txt perhaps it 's a bit unfair because lucinda engenders such high expectations , but i was really disappointed with this record the songwriting is weak , the singing is weak , and the arrangements are dull something kicked all the life out of the music- -the songs are not all the same , but for some reason they all sound the same- -and embarrassingly , you can sing most of them after one listen , they are so simplistic and cliched 
health pos 958.txt i recently a box of two 12 ounce bottles of this neutrogna produst at costco for approximately $9.00. $22.00 for the same quantity is too expensive for me to want to shop for these products at amazon 
dvd neg 448.txt the presentation of computer enhanced b&w images that in some cases were sort of new added limited value to my extensive video library , legacy of my father . however , the aural commentary of brannagh was repetitive and boring , each episode basically repeated the same 6+ octagenarian survivors exact same comments and reflections . 
software pos 313.txt i like wordperfect much better than microsoft word as it is easier to use . reviel codes solves a lot of problems when text wont behave . not available in word . i bought the x3 version because of some bad bugs in ver 12. , like not being able to export my address book without errors and mail merge problems . the price was right on amazon and it was easier that trying to fix 12. i do n't see a big difference between the two versions except that they fixed all the problems that i was having in 12. if an earlier version is working for you , i see no good reason to upgrade . b 
books pos 714.txt the book gives you the tech you need , in terms you can understand . calder is very impressive in his ability to impart knowledge to the layman . do n't however , assume this is just fluff overview , because it truly is the down and dirty of how it works and how to maintain it . 
dvd pos 90.txt when once and again first began i dismissed it as a show for just women . but after watching just one episode i found myself hooked . this was unlike any show i had seen before . i actually found myself drawn into the lives of these two families . once and again is not just a show about two divorced people who find each other and start to fall in love . it goes much deeper than that . once and again follows the lives of two divorced people and the lives of their children as well . but then it goes a step further and it follows the lives of their ex spouses as well . with the first season we see how the relationship begins to develop between lily ( sela ward ) and rick ( billy campbell ) and how their ex 's still play a factor in their love lives and how their blossoming relationship has an effect on their children . once and again was one of the finest dramas on television and if given the respect it deserved could still be growing strong today . even thought it 's time on television was short once and again showcased the acting talents of sela ward and billy campbell and launched the careers of shane west and evan rachel wood . i am just glad that we are able to enjoy this fine show on dvd and that they have finally decided to release seasons 2 and 3 
music pos 163.txt okay , take everything that you know about john squire . strip away the amazing stone roses first album , the not so amazing follow up , the nice brit pop of his work with the seahorses and picture this as a solo album from a new artist and i honestly think that peoples thoughts on this album would change drastically . they would realize that every track on it is a winner and that the guitar work is amazing and beautiful , the vocals might be grating at first ( think robert forster ( the go-betweens ) circa before hollywood ) but that upon repeated listens grows on you and you eventually end up loving . what you expect going into an album has alot to do with how much you like or dislike it and this album is no exception . people should listen to it for what it is and not for what john squire was...john squire is an established song writer who has moved beyond what he used to do ( who has n't moved on in 13 years ? minus robert smith of course ! ) and now writes beautiful pop songs...john squire has grown up just like his original audience has and this solo album is the perfect proof of that 
books neg 774.txt the book reads like a shallow , way too long magasine article . the shop seems to specialize in self help books , so there 's hardly a literary feel to it . the style too is annoying . for example , she writes that " her dad was n't big on books " . i would have expected a slightly " bigger " vocabulary then that 
health pos 588.txt recommend it . suppressed my appetite the first day . when i got hungry it took a few bytes to feel full again 
software neg 23.txt did not work with my apple computer , requested help but did not get results i wanted which was to return idem & get credi 
music pos 502.txt king elvis . queen madiona . prince justin . and now princess hillary ! duff is slowly making her way up to the queen of pop . it was espicially nice to here my teen idol singing all christmas classics with some other pop stars too . if you love hillary duff and you really need some new cd 's by her and it 's crhistmas time then this is cd for you ! let me tell ya somethin ' , that girl can sing . so go to the cd store . buy it ! play it ! plop down on the couch and have a glass of egg nog . 
camera pos 421.txt overall , i am quite satisfied with the usability and photo quality of the canon a 710 is . this camera was an upgrade from my 3-year-old hp 935 - - the old guy still worked fine , but was very slow and did n't handle low-light situations very well at all . i was also looking for a bigger zoom range . after weighing the options , i decided that the a 710 is was the way to go . pros : - uses standard aa batteries . invaluable when you 're on the go and need more juice . also , the battery life has been very good - i 'm using the same aa rechargables i used for over a year in my old camera , and i routinely get 2-4 days usage from them before needing to recharge . - huge lcd screen that does n't suck power . fast response , too . - digital zoom that actually helps ! because the camera is 7.1 mp and has an image stabilizer , i can actually get usable images even at the full 24x combined zoom . very impressed . - very wide range of available settings . you can customize almost any aspect of this camera , from sounds to shutter speed to flash speed / brightness to focus to... . - big enough , and small enough . it will fit in my back pocket most of the time , but it 's big enough to remind me that it 's there before i sit down . - fast processing time . taking a 3 or 4 minute video and having it ready to go again in less than 5 seconds is a true novelty to me - - my old hp took forever ! the fast processor also helps in viewing the images on the camera - you can scroll through very quickly , and also jump to an image very quickly too . much better than previous canon models even . - memory backup battery . remembers what day it is , time it is , and what image you 're on - - even if you take the regular aa 's out . very useful . - fast start-up time . it 's ready to take a picture right after you turn it on , especially if you bypass the " welcome " image sound and screen . - cool features , like color swap and color select . also , there 's an option for when the camera is connected to your computer to set any image as your computer 's wallpaper with just the press of a button on the camera . the camera also allows you to use the digital zoom while taking video , a nice touch . - you can change lenses and add filters very easily . cons : - as i mentioned earlier , one of the reasons i upgraded from the hp was to have better luck with low-light situations . i 've had the camera now for just over a month , and i still have n't figured out the best setting for clear , low-light photos - - something that was very easy to do with older canon models , say , the a 510. as mentioned , there is a wide range of settings available , which can also be a negative if you do n't know quite what you 're looking for . - no " action " setting . similar to above , the one setting i miss the most from other canons is that action setting . this camera requires you to set it manually . - video file sizes . a typical 4-minute clip can run upwards of 200 mb - - making it almost impossible to send via email or upload anywhere online . also takes up a good chunk of a 1mb memory card , really quickly . canon would have done better to use mpeg-4 here instead of avi . - similarly , the video quality does n't reflect the large file size in most cases , though the sound quality is very good . - the big lcd is great , but is very hard to see outside in the sun . it does have a backup optical viewfinder , but using that puts your nose up against that lcd and leaves a nice smudge on it if you 're not careful . - buttons are still somewhat confusing after a month of use , but that 's relatively minor and will undoubtedly pass with time . - bundled software does not offer the ability to resize your images - - i have to go back through the old hp software if i want to take an image down from 3000 pixels wide to 600 ! overall , as mentioned , the camera is a huge improvement from my old hp , and even with all of those little annoyances , i 'm sure the camera would be a perfect fit for pretty much any amateur-to-intermediate photog . it 's no slr , but it 's getting there . and , you certainly ca n't beat the price 
books pos 80.txt rarely is there a book that i can not put down , this was an exception . quite a suspensfull page turner . any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that . i would have given it 5 stars , but i do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel , that 's just my taste . by far , however , one of the best books i have read in a long time 
software pos 6.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone . 
software pos 105.txt i bought version 5 of this software a few years ago and was very pleased with the many features . a tech at my isp ( bellsouth ) recommended this software to me . i recently purchased version 6 for my new laptop which is running windows xp pro . installation was a snap . updates are frequent and install quickly with my dsl connection . the software suite has in my opinion more and better features than norton pro which i use on my desktop . i really like the registry cleaner ( fixer ) and the defrag tools . ( they use trend micro for virus protection ) the program allows simple maintenance or for more experienced users indepth tools that allow you to maintain and tweak your system . there is a lot of extra programs that come with this software that i did not install after reading some reviews and warnings about using them . however , my personal experience after installing just the system suit 6 professional has really been good for me . i bought my copy from walmart and filled out the rebate following the instructions carefully and i received my rebate after about 6 weeks . i hope if anyone buys this software because of my recommendation will have similar results . i would rate my knowledge of computers as above average , which may be why i did not have any problems with the software . 
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. . 
books pos 570.txt this book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in colonial america : how they played , what their education was like , what they wore , etc. the information is drawn from such primary sources as letters , journals and school primers . there are a number of pictures as well . i recommend it 
music pos 930.txt i have been listening to this album for at least 12 years and it rarely leaves my cd changer . i played the cassette version until it literally would not play any more , and it was one of the first cds i bought . a relative first introduced me to this album and of course & quot ; coming up close&quot ; was the reason i bought my own copy . but i came to love each song and appreciate aimee mann as an exceptionally gifted songwriter . it is a great & quot ; road trip&quot ; album and & quot ; on sunday&quot ; makes the perfect & quot ; summer song&quot ; . the mix is not mainstream pop / rock . it is not a 1980 's anthem , but it is one of the defining moments , for me . the lyrics have meaning , which sometimes defies what the ' 80 's were about . the only other thing i can say is listen to this cd ! i am sure you will find mann 's unique voice as captivating as i do . it is a definite must have for one 's cd library 
health neg 576.txt i bought this and it worked fine the first time that i used it . granted , it was late summer and the house was pretty warm so it was not to difficult to steam up the bedroom . however , i have tried it in my infant 's room 4 times this winter . i used hot water & salt to try to help it , but the darn thing does not have enough power to make the steam . maybe all of the " steam " energy is being used on the night light ! if you have your home 's thermostat set under 78 degrees , do not waste your money on this item ! find something stronger to get you through the winter months 
camera pos 329.txt in the never ending race for larger and larger megapixel counts , the d70s has fallen behind the pack . ( however , if that 's the only measure by which you 're judging a digital camera - you really should consider further research before plunking down several hundred dollars . ) nevertheless , it 's quite a good camera . what i like about it most : - it looks and feels solid . some of the reviewers that pan this camera for feeling flimsy and plasticky are apparently still stuck in the realm of pro cameras that cost several thousand dollars . it 's not a bulletproof titanium box that you can back a hummer over , but it certainly seems to outdo dslrs in it 's category . - very good battery life . - backwards compatibility with decade 's worth of nikon slr lenses . my gripes : - the latch that keeps the pop-up flash in place broke in less than a week . - inability to meter through older manual focus lenses . - lack of full functionality with flashes other than the sb-600 and sb-800. - nikon 's raw software and control software are n't included with the camera , and are imho overpriced . ( ...and on top of that , nikon has split what used to be one overpriced software package into two overpriced software packages.. . ) what would improve this camera the most : - iso 100 and iso 3200+ - ability to store multiple custom white balance presets , and then pull them up on the fly . - replacing the " idiot modes " ( i.e. " portrait " , " landscape " , etc. ) with modes that you could customize 
camera pos 975.txt this is my first camcorder , so i do n't have much to compare it to , but i 've enjoyed it so far . it 's easy to use . the picture quality seems high . the only minor problem i 've found is with the headphone input . had to try three different sets of headphones before i could find one that would fit into the narrow slot where the headphone jack is 
software neg 437.txt this was horrible , i installed this and within a 24 hour period , i was slammed with pop-ups and spam....and good luck trying to remove it . very dissatisfied customer 
music neg 224.txt maybe its just me but the piano is out of tune badly enough that it should not have been recorded . i had to force myself to finish listening to the concerto and did not even bother with the rest . sad piece of work 
dvd pos 257.txt it is nice to see sarah michelle geller in a not-so-nice , anti-heroine role here . i 'm so used to seeing her as " buffy " 
music neg 733.txt collective soul had a few nice attempts toward pop music like dosage . the main problem i have with this album is none of the songs are hits so no airwaves and the fact that the album probably has about 7 fillers ! its just to flawed to recommend to everyone it may be if you are a diehard collective soul fans . i wouldnt lose this album but i wouldnt buy it again 
camera neg 836.txt i bought this about 10 months ago with an additional camera . the night vision only works on one of the cameras and the interference is horrible . it snaps and pops all night long and i have to move it all around to find " just the right spot " .i actually have to sleep with earplugs in to drown out the noise . i live in a single story 2100 sq . foot house . i should have returned it right away , but i kept it because i had no other monitor at the time . now , 10 months later , the volume control does not work anymore ! i am now trying to find a new monitor . i love having the video monitor though , so i will look for a different brand 
books neg 289.txt this book started well , but fell flat in the middle . what little conflict there was in the beginning was resolved halfway through . even the shooting incident could n't manage to hold my interest because it was resolved so quickly . well , i did n't bother to finish it- -i have limited time for reading , and i do n't like to waste it . 
health neg 369.txt you were kind enough to replace my first order of these razors due to the fact that one never worked and the other wore out quickly . the second pair seems to be pretty much the same . one sputs and spurts and the other works only when i shake and tap it several times . i used to own another brand of these razors that were great , but i ca n't recall the name , unfortunately . i am very disappointed in the product , but i 'm very satisfied with amazon and the way in which they are trying to please me every way they can 
music neg 169.txt charlotte church had the most beautiful and captivating voice i ever heard when she debuted . i purchased all of her albums and played them to death . this cd is horrible ! her beautiful voice is no more as she makes no attempt to even use it . some of the other reviews said this release is the result of her growing up . ridiculous ! she could easily have kept the angelic voice as she grew . this is simply a tragic waste of talent 
software neg 32.txt attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003... bad move.. . none of my access 97 programs work now.. . in fact i , i brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions.. . nope.. . the upgrade just did n't work.....had to purchase a full version to set things right.. . save your money on this product. . 
software neg 444.txt this is the worst company i have ever dealt with . they offer 30 day trial on this product , i was n't happy and mailed it back to them in 5 days of purchase and i 'm still waiting for the refund . i have called them 3 times , it has been almost 4 months now without a refund . i would never buy a nova product from this company again and i would recomend everyone going somewhere else to get good customer service 
health pos 78.txt i finally received this product in the mail after knowing about it for a year . i ca n't say i 'm a huge fan of deepak chopra . he presents some good ideas , but from what i can tell he seems to consider meditation to be more of a mechanism for mind and body control , leading to bliss and relaxation , rather than a tool for unbiased self knowledge , to come to terms with all the things that one rather might ignore . i find this bias is reflected in the game . as a game in itself , it is pretty good - its graphics and its originality - and learning to relax and chill out may be useful for some people . i did n't find the process as compelling as i expected , though . i found i was able to learn some of the skills pretty fast , and other places i seemed to get stuck . one potential drawback is that if you get frustrated , and try to start forcing things to happen , it can defeat the purpose of meditation . the science of biofeedback is fairly new , and i can see its potential in the field of preventative health . i just would n't put the same new age spin on things as chopra does . 
software neg 184.txt ...for indesign to not have one basic features . everyone i know still does french folds , but in order to see double page spreads in indesign you have to lay them out wrong in the program , then you have to painstakingly go through your document and shift the entire document by one page , layout by layout . this is mortally stupid . at this point adobe should have figured how a tool like i.d. is actually used in conjunction with a printer , not just assumed the user wants to print what they see on their screen . the oversight is the difference between avergage klunky desktop publishing software and a great layout tool . why is n't there a button that toggles me between the layout view and priont output ? why do i have to slave over a document like this ? adobe , stop thinking in the abstract and investigate how your software can facilitate printed results . also who knows how you get an alpha path or clipping path into this ? mine shows me a heavily pixelated , entirely xparent bw image when it supposed to be a cropped color image . what do you want me to do with that 
books pos 124.txt to learn some italian before visiting italy , i tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library . some were ridiculous , many required using a workbook . then i stumbled on the pimsleur program , which is totally audio , allowing me to learn italian while i drove to and from work . due to the pedagogically - sound method pimsleur developed for language learning , i actually did learn some basic italian . as a result i bought " conversational italian . " though i 've never considered myself adept at language-learning , i actually felt confident in my ablility to learn italian as a result of these cds . i 've raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language 
health pos 259.txt clean and crisp . defined and smooth . i use burberry by burberry for all occassions but it is great for the evening . it has woodsy notes that remind me of autumn . i am very picky about my fragrances and i only use two regularly - - eau d'issey by issey miyake is my main scent , but i do use burberry sometimes on occassion and i love it . thats it 
music pos 147.txt i bought this recording along with blood on the tracks recently and all i can say is " doggonit " it do n't get any better than this . they called elvis the king but bob dylan must be the " wizard " . who will tell us great stories when he is gone ? 
camera pos 433.txt the philips 8-inch digital picture frame is an excellent , high-quality device . very easy to get it going - the included cable and computer software make it simple to select digital pictures already stored on your computer and copy them onto the device . no need to mess around with memory cards - although the device accepts those as well if that works best for you . everyone who has seen ours loves it . it looks great and the picture quality and size are excellent 
camera pos 971.txt the casio exilim ex-s770rd is a great camera for the price . camera is the smallest on the market and will fit in any pocket . lcd sreen is large and very clear . 7.2 mp produces great picture quality and the functions are easily accessed . as this is my first casio purchase , i am very pleased with the quality 
software pos 545.txt i enjoy the aqua real 3d ! its enjoyable to have fish but its a lot of work to keep it up . having this 3d virtual reality fish is fun and brings the enjoyment w / out the work . its very relaxing to watch the fish and to listen to the water . even my cat watches the fish.. . 
dvd pos 45.txt excelente concierto en el castillo slane en irlanda , bono se entrega a su publico , buen sonido , buenas imagenes , magnificos extras . lo recomiendo dos horas de u 
camera neg 874.txt i found the same problem that other users of this product experienced . particularly the issue of the shutter release being at the bottom of the camera when composing a portrait oriented shot . i found a stroboframe flash bracket that rotates the camera counter clockwise within the flash bracket instead of flipping the flash . this leaves the shutter release at the top of the camera and also alleviated the other problem of speed light hot shoe breakage from repeated " flipping " of the flash that some other users have reported . the item is manufactured by stroboframe and can be found at an ebay store called " gadget infinity " under the listing title of " flash bracket with 90 degrees camera rotate feature " . buy it now price is $29.99. i just bought one and it arrived yesterday and i could not be happier . pass the word of this ingenious new product that will solve the issues that have plagued photographers for the past several years 
dvd pos 444.txt the series just keeps on getting better . the bob newhart show was one of the best comedies ever on television . the other funny show was " newhart " , which i cannot understand why it has not been released on dvd . the whole cast just clicks . i wish shows like this were still on television . if you enjoy a good laugh then buy this and the other sets ! 
health neg 683.txt this shaver holds a great charge and you can use it in the shower , but that 's about it . the shave is n't very close , and it takes a long time to shave . to do your underarms is somewhat painful with the pulling of the razor 
books neg 285.txt look , the fact is feminism is about choice no more , no less . i have the highest respect for stay at home moms- -it is the hardest darn job on earth . but this woman is way off base to say that feminism sold us a lie . feminism gave us a choice . it told us we did not have to pretend to believe we were june cleaver if that was not what was in our hearts and souls . personally , i could not have children and only feminists have not made me feel like an alien species . i work with troubled teens , my skills do not go to waste , i spoil my nieces and nephews- -i am fulfilled and happy . my sister is a stay at home mom with three beautiful boys , she is fulfilled and happy , feminism gave us those choices , ladies . we were not " sold " anything , we were given much by the women who burned their bras before us . if you feel belittled by staying home with your children and doing the world 's most important job , i think that is your issue and not now's . stop blaming feminism for your insecurities , if you are feminist- -stop blaming your mother for your insecurities- -you have choices because of feminism not despite it ! 
health pos 926.txt my youngest daughter has had mild to severe asthma for 32 years and has had to use an inhaler almost on a daily basis . i bought her this product to use in her new house as she was having severe asthma attacks from dust , mold , pollen , ect . she has been using this product for three ( 3 ) months now and she has not had to use her inhaler a single time . we have used several other brands and types of air cleaners in the past twenty years but none have proven as effective as this product . highly recommeded 
books pos 838.txt angela davis stands in my perspective as one of the most accomplished women of the postmodern era . this autobiography draws from her childhood to her young adulthood . her account of prison life offers an unsentimental analysis of the sexual habits of women in prison . one factor that prevents me from giving this memoir a 5-star is her abandonment of her personal life as a woman . she focuses entirely on the black power movement . in closing , this memoir can offer women the strength to fight injustice but encouraging them to first empower themselves 
books neg 769.txt i quote from glimpses of the devil , p . 215 : " ...after spending a half hour with that book , gods ' man . i called [a nun , six years my senior , who has been my spiritual director for more than twenty-five years] sobbing with a complex of emotions , including hatred for the author , disgust at the book , rage at its destructiveness , sorrow for all the other young boys and girls who had been the book 's victims , and a feeling of deep contamination that i had received just from looking at it . after we spoke , i sent her my newly purchased copy and she called me back to agree that it was the single most destructive thing she had ever seen in her fifty-plus years . " undoubtedly , dr. peck 's strong emotional reaction was due to the destruction the book wrought in the life of one of peck 's patients . but now you are forewarned 
health pos 319.txt there are several listings for this item in different versions . before making a decision , check out the other versions , you will see many different reviews . overall , it seems to be as long as you use the product as intended , it works ! you can see my full review under zeno pro pink 
dvd neg 912.txt this dvd is nothing more than a recycling of 3 previous episodes of the show . for a " best of " volume , i expected much shorter segments from many more episodes that actually did contain what the dvd case advertises , namely " the best of " and the " scariest moments . " in my opinion , this volume fails to deliver what it promises . i am definitely a fan of the series , and i know there are much better moments it has to offer . about the only thing you can really expect to enjoy on this dvd are some fairly decent examples of evp ( electronic voice phenomenon ) . even though the dvd is fairly inexpensive , i do n't think it 's worth the cost 
health neg 996.txt when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs . but after reading other review i realize the scale is off up to 9 lbs . also this is a big scale . too big to store in the bathroo 
dvd pos 565.txt john sturges acquires a reputation as a solid director of superior westerns filled with tense action scenes such as : " escape from fort bravo , " " bad day at black rock , " " backlash , " " gunfight at the o.k. corral , " " the law and jack wade , " " the last train from gun hill , " " sergeant three , " " the hallelujah trail , " and one of the best of all wyatt earp movies , " hour of the gun . " he succeeds in one of the most exhilarating opening sequences of all western movies , when he had mcqueen and brynner riding a hearse up legendary boot hill creating a mood and peril that never allow the slightest degree of viewer confusion or ennui.. . for sturges , the west is a man 's world , and his cool , hard , detached style , emphasizing action , excitement and the rugged environment of the frontier , endorses the point.. . " the magnificent seven " is derived from kurosawa 's superb " the seven samurai , " a compelling tale of intimidated and impoverished medieval villagers hiring mercenary warriors to repel bandit ravages.. . the villagers in this case are mexicans , plagued beyond all bearing by the activities of bandit calavera , who always leaves them on tortillas and few beans.. . three of them cross the border to offer meager pay and sustenance for any professionally skilled fighting men who will aid them.. . yul brynner is the man , dressed in black , with the luminous dome and the hypnotic mongolian eyes who portrays the distinctive chris adams leader of the seven hired gunmen hired to chase some ' flies from a little mexican village . ' eli wallach is memorable as calvera , chief of the ruthless outlaws.. . he is greedy and merciless terrorizing without pity the poor peasants.. . steve mcqueen gives a standout performance as the sardonic gunman ( ' we deal in lead , friend ' ) , carrying appealing ease and sense of humor to his role as vin , brynner 's first recruit and second-in-command.. . charles bronson portrays bernardo o'reilly , who explains his curious name to chris , with ' mexican on one side , irish on the other- -and me in the middle ! ' bronson , the strongest face in western , and with a bit of mexican in him- -cunning face , steady eyes , revealing voice- -the character of bernardo o'reilly suits him perfectly.. . this half-breed gunfighter becomes the conscience of the team.. . because of his tender paternal instincts , he is adopted by three children who promise him , in case he falls , to bring him , every day , fresh flowers.. . robert vaughn- -who was to do nicely on tv in " the man from uncle " spy spoof- - plays lee , the ' good gun ' with black gloves and nightmares , living in style with no enemies alive.. . brad dexter plays harry luck , brynner 's happy friend who returns to join the team convinced of the existence of a large amount of hidden gold.. . james coburn makes a big impression as britt , the expert gunman who can out-draw a gun with his knife-throwing.. . his looks and vague figure of violence are quite a response for his few talks.. . horst bucholz represents youth , eagerness , and the urge to be proved and sorted out from the boys.. . he was caught on the road by rosenda monteros.. . robert j . wilke is britt 's insisting challenger who swells the ranks of the villains in many westerns like " high noon , " " the far country , " and " man of the west . " the magnificent seven 's success spawned three sequels : " return of the seven " ( again starring yul brynner ) , " guns of the magnificent seven " and , last and least of all , " the magnificent seven ride . " with a terrific oscar-nominated musical score by elmer bernstein , " the magnificent seven " remains a richly enjoyable western , shot on location in morelos state , mexico.. . 
health neg 294.txt i wo n't be buying these , because there is not enough public comments or even actual photos of people using these goggles . if you look closely on the example photos provided by amazon the people that supposingly wear these things , then you 'll notice they are n't really wearing them its just drawn 
camera neg 952.txt this adapter vignettes badly at wide-angle settings on my a700 , so much so that the field of view for which there is no vignetting is essentially identical to that without the adapter at the widest setting of the regular lens . thus absolutely nothing has been gained by using the adapter . canon , normally a responsible firm with many excellent products , is beneath contempt in marketing this lens . i called canon customer service and spoke with a sympathetic representative who took the matter up with " someone else " . the outcome was that they admit that there " is very little increase " in the non-vignetted field of view by using this adapter . she said she would put my comments on a company-internal problem compilation called " customer voice " . i can only hope it reaches someone high enough to do some good 
dvd neg 460.txt this version " wind and cloud - the storm riders " made in 2004 is not the same as " the storm riders " made in 1998. this dvd is a condensed version of a tv series packaged by tai seng . it is full-screen and was made for tv . it is pretty disjointed as it was condensed into 2 hours from 30 hours . most people doing the reviews for this dvd is confusing everyone writing positive reviews for the 1998 film staring aaron kwok and ekin chen 
software neg 841.txt since buying the upgrade of windows xp i have had to reinstall it 3 times -onto a clean hard disk - the first time it just disappeared and turned into a blue screen , with messages that hive files were gone missing ? 2nd time round the registery got corrupted and the last time it refused to boot , and not wanting to have to trall through another install i used the xp cd to try the recovery consol . this was as much use as a cigarette lighter on a motor bike . none of the commands worked , and even trying the help file was useless . there seems to be a serious problem with system restore in xp , and im fully updated with all the latest spacks , and stacks of space on my hard disk alotted to sr ! check dates will disappear and when you really need st to get you back and running -it goes pear shaped ! i now running 3 restored version of xp completly backed up on a seperate hard disk using power quests drive image . my experences with xp are its not reliable. . 
software neg 338.txt i bought this software at the recommendation of my accountant . well , after trying to use it for two years now , i 'm ready to burn it . it 's a great software for people who do their business by the projects , but it 's not good for retail sales . everything has been a hassel , especially trying to set up the daily sales so i can record detailed inventory of my daily sales . yes , i noticed they did come out w / a new version for specifically for retail sales . after i already invested in $300 in software and $100 in books just trying to learn this system . what a waste ! 
music pos 663.txt brilliant , glorious music- -all of it , although i agree with those who have come to feel that the ellington / strayhorn version of & quot ; the nutcracker suite , & quot ; in particular , is an all-too-often-buried treasure that no christmas season should be without ( and if you can ignore it for the rest of the year , you have more willpower than i ) . what happens to tchaikovsky 's marvellous music- -and grieg 's , too- -in these hands is creative homage of the highest order : the music is re-imagined from the inside , in wholly jazz terms , in a way that simultaneously illuminates and completely reconceives the original . what balanchine did for tchaikovsky and stravinsky in dance , ellington here does for tchaikovsky and grieg in another realm of music , and leaves us with works that deserve to be every bit as loved and celebrated as their older and better-known prototypes . and to top it all off , you get ellington and strayhorn 's own superb & quot ; suite thursday . &quot ; listen and rejoice 
music pos 710.txt forza eros ! may you live to make much more great music ! whether you understand italian or not , i heartily recommend this cd . in ogni senso lives up to its billing - it delights each and every one of the human senses , in all & quot ; sense&quot ; of the expression . this is a must-have for any true music lover 
books neg 33.txt if you are looking for a book that does a cover to cover job of bashing western civilization with complete and obvious bias , this is it . 
dvd pos 40.txt spurlock decided to undertake an interesting experiment with his own health ; eat nothing but mcdonald 's fast food for 30 days . the result ; his health gets ruined . while spurlock 's experience is not exactly a scientific study you could publish in the lancet , it is a disturbing examination of what fast food and soft drink are doing to our health . i rarely eat mcdonalds ( though i enjoy the odd coke ) however the restaurant chain is quite popular in australia , as it is worldwide . the strength of mcdonalds and other fast food chains is obviously providing tasty food at low prices very quickly to the consumer . mcdonalds essentially applied the industrial technique of mass production to fast food , and made ray kroc ( its founder ) a fortune . i do n't really buy the line that multinational corporations are evil , because they are multinational corporations ; we have to remember corporations exist in relation to governments and ultimately consumers , as well as shareholders . we happily buy coke , mcdonalds , cigarettes , and many other things obviously bad for our health , and yet seem to like to blame the company which provides that addictive substance to us when our health goes bad . in our individualistic culture , we tend to all too readily avoid self-responsibility and the virtue of self-control , and in my view this is part of the reason fast food exists . however , the rocketing levels of obesity , especially amoung children , are of great concern , and it is clear the marketing techniques often aimed at children by fast food companies is at least unethical . we need to make sure the tide of obesity turns in the negative direction , otherwise this generation risks dying earlier than our parents and grandparents . spurlock 's experience is a warning to all of us to take the warnings on eating well and exercising seriously , and not ignoring them for the sake of self-indulgence 
books neg 505.txt while this book is a good reminder to high school students and their parents of the kinds of illiberal attitudes extant on many college campuses , i cannot recommend it to other readers . the author unfortunately perpetuates the right-wing-republican-only stereotype believed by many outside evangelical christianity . she battles as much for her political leanings away from gun control and in favor of all bush administration policies as she does for the truth claims of the gospel . indeed , in reading some of the chapters , it is difficult to see that she has any concept of a christian worldview that might veer in any part from republican platform positions . this is really too bad , because she makes many good points and appears to be courageous in her positions . i would not have begrudged her political point of view at all , had she made a clearer distinction between that and her theological position 
health neg 21.txt stay away from this seller " salter " . i ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there 's an unexpected delay ! i cancelled right away , after waiting for almost a month 
books neg 899.txt i wanted to like this book , but i had to give up in the end . if the overall vignette concept is attractive enough , the execution of detail is n't - - kosinski ca n't write . he tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important , whereas the reader is always expected to discover " depth " in simplicity . nothing to be recommended for 
music pos 612.txt this is one of his best cd's . you really have to listen to the words on the cd , he takes you to whole another level . he is one of the best r&b singers ever , just close your eyes and listen to the song " maybe " and think of that special place for you and your lady 
software neg 533.txt i bought this product because it combined a number of security elements . it worked fine until i installed the network security feature . we have a home network and as soon as i installed the product , the other computers were unable to access the internet . when i tried to uninstall it , my computer lost internet access . even using the 26 digit key did not allow access . customer service was useless . they gave me directions which involved changing the registry . bad move . needless to say , i had to have a computer repair service fix the network , and i had to reformat my hard drive . mcafee assumed no responsibility for the problems it caused , dell was nice enought to walk me through the reformat and it wasnt even their product that caused the problems . i would like to give this no stars 
music neg 57.txt this cd is awesome from beginning to end . i really enjoy listening to this type of music . this cd is a must have . 
health pos 134.txt we love this new power toothbrush because it does a great job cleaning the teeth and it has so much more power than our old brush 
camera pos 36.txt this is a great lens for star fields . it is about the least expensive lens canon makes and also one of the fastest . the focus was sharp to the corners without coma . see my photo of a portion the milky way . this was obtained with a 30sec exposure with a rebel xt on an inexpensive clock drive sitting on a picnic table 
dvd pos 989.txt & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; offers both a plausible plot and realistic character portrayals . the dilemma of the story becomes apparent when a family man 's ( bakula 's ) past comes back to haunt him , consequently tearing his life and his family apart . his wife ( sciorra ) becomes more and more unsure of her husband as the story progresses . & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; has the qualities of an intense psychological thriller , as well as a heart warmer . it 's a must see for almost any movie fan . just do n't confuse this & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; with the film starring christopher reve 
health neg 816.txt the concept is cute , although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them , but the main problem is that they give you hat hair , compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head . regular glasses go in between the hairs , so everything fluffs out . if you never take off your reading glasses , have a buzz cut , are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head ( but be careful of buns ) , the clic connect reader may be fine for you . otherwise , conventional glasses are a better bet 
camera neg 805.txt i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality 
music pos 726.txt i cannot stop listening to the song i saved the world today . the cd is worth the price for this song alone . the whole cd is great though ... classic eurythmics that sounds as great today as their earlier work . annie lennox gets all the attention ... and she deserves every bit , but dave stewart certainly deserves as much . they make a great team and this cd should have been given much more attention in the usa . i hope they do n't take so long to do another one 
dvd pos 667.txt wow ! ! ! i bought this set a couple of months ago and i 've been watching each episode little by little , and enjoying each one of them a lot ! ! ! it 's interesting to watch captain scarlet again , thirty-something years after the last time i watched it back in the late 60s ( when i was 7 or 8 years old ) ! i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of the " thunderbirds " and became quite delighted when this new series from gerry anderson first appeared on tv back in the 60s ! the quality of captain scarlet 's special effects obviously got better since the thunderbirds , and it really makes a huge difference ( as far as realism is concerned ) to have the marionettes more realistically proportioned ! so much so , that there are times when you can almost forget that they are marionettes ! the production still looks fabulous after all these years ! the design of vehicles , machines , personal equipment , weapons , buildings , etc. is quite enjoyable , interesting and sometimes even surprising ! the " angels " ( both airplanes and pilots ) still manage to look amazingly sharp and contemporary ! ! ! perhaps only the automobiles give you a hint of the series real age , for they look quite dated indeed ! however , now it seems a bit funny to see 1965 chrysler and ford lookalikes among the futuristic modernism of the series ! thirty-something years later , most of the episodes plots seem a bit shallow , almost stupid ! but one has to remember that this series was meant for children ! so , once you remember this you 'll be ready to have a great time watching captain scarlet and his fellow spectrum buddies fight the evil mysterons ( led by the sinister looking captain black ) , just as you did when you were still a child ! spectrum is green ! ! ! ...enjoy it ! ! 
software pos 435.txt i initially purchased creator 9 to do the same thing this software does , but the only thing is it didnt hang my computer when it came down to burn the dvd . this software is pretty much easy to use , comes with two ( bibles ) manuals , plenty of information in there to creat some good videos . i recommend buying this or you can always buy creator 9 have it crash your system and then spend a few days trying to review other products out there that have gotten good reviews such as this one . you will be happy with the videos you make . you can make a video containing still images ( pictures ) , video from camcorder camera or from your computer , add text in the movies , add background music , its awesome . i must say again it wont hang your system . please get it , your family and yourself wont be disappointed . 
camera pos 748.txt images from this camera are very high quality . the 18x optical zoom is very usable with only minimal distortion noticeable at the extremes . the optical image stabilization system ( based on stabilizing the ccd image sensor instead of lens elements ) is quite good and performed well under several different circumstances ( moving car , boat , shaky hands ) . my main gripe with this camera is the lack of high speed usb 2.0 support . the fine print says that the usb interface is " full speed " which means a maximum transfer rate of 12 mbit / s instead of the 480 mbit / s possible with high speed usb . so , downloading photos from the camera through the usb interface is painfully slow compared to most current generation digital cameras such as a canon sd900. the software provided with the camera is somewhat difficult to use and is slow and unresponsive . it would also be desirable if the camera could accept a lithium ion rechargeable battery in addition or instead of the 4 aa batteries it uses . but , battery life with both alkaline and rechargeable nimh aa batteries was adequate . 
music neg 7.txt ok , so the song playing when brian goes and we see mia for the first time is a song called " deep enough ( urban remix ) " by live . i have the other songs written down , including the one played between the two buildings , so i will find them and tell you . if you all want only the songs that were actually in the movie , rent the dvd , and take about ten minutes to watch the credits and write down the song names and artists . that 's how i have only the songs that are in the movie 
software neg 791.txt i bought this program because i wanted to use it on the pocket pc ( dell axim x50v ) . the program is very confusing to use . it took some time to load on the ppc first , then you have to load the maps . i tried to load the map of the whole state and it was n't working . the map would come up and the gps reciever would pick up where i was , but when i would write an address of a street that exists , it would say " search done , no match found . " i called the delorme support many times , they helped me go through the application , but i feel that this application wont give me directions that i want off of the ppc . i should have bought the iguidance . one of my friends has this application and it is awesome . he loaded 3 states all at once and it gives you directions very easily . there are many points of interest . i particularly like the screen that shows you all the streets in a 3d fashion . it is easy to use . " do n't make the mistake that i made , buy the iguidance or tomtom software . " 
software neg 838.txt this operating system was one of the most unsatisfactory i have ever used- -including dos , win 3.1 , windows 95 and windows 98. aside from being incompatible with older hardware , xp home edition crashes frequently-particularly if you like to work with several windows open at once . most important , the program is highly susceptible to viruses and hackers . preventing these two problems requires expensive add-on software and hardware . true enough , the built-in firewall ought to work . but in my case , hackers got in anyway . i had to hire an expensive data recovery guru-another story in itself . even reinstalling the program did not solve the problem . my computer was completely compromised . i was eventually forced to junk the machine . after my dreadful experience with xp home edition , i have sworn off windows forever . mac and linux are both far superior 
books pos 206.txt when i first read the title , my first thought is " i know this , i 've heard it before " . that is how i felt . until i read the book . what an eye opener ! i happen to be one who rarely gets sick , and recovers quickly when i do . i also tend to opt for a healthier life style . however , there is a family history of cancer . in reading this book , i realized that there is even more that i need to be doing to protect myself and my family . dr. rapp has done a considerable amount of research and shares her findings with the reader . research references are listed at the end of each chapter for those wanting to learn even more . if you own a home you need to read this book . if you rent a home or apartment , you need to know the information in this book . if you golf or live near a golf course , this book is for you . if you have children or grandchildren in school , consider reading this book 
dvd neg 329.txt let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie . 1. it is incredibly beautiful animation 2. the music is amazing 3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series the things i do n't like about the movie : 1. the characters are not developed at all 2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface , like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread 3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process . ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5 , well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation . the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end . i just kept thinking there has to be more . but there wasn't . the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just could n't find its parents . this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff . but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please do n't buy it rent it first . i 'm not saying its a bad movie by any means , just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good do n't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series 
music pos 829.txt this album grabbed my attention from the first measure . thick and heavy , this is not like any blues album i 've ever heard . very atypical for hidalgo as well . this one is probably an acquired taste - one for the truly hard core blues fan . the sheer uniqueness grabbed me from the start , and the more i listen to it , the more i like it . i can only hope there 's a houndog 2 in the works. . 
dvd neg 513.txt it 's been 30 years since i 've seen this film on cable . i decided to re-visit this obscure film and see if i missed anything in the initial viewing . as it turned out , i did n't miss anything . it 's pretty much the same , routine sam peckinpah film , filled with lots of blood , guts , bullets and slow-motion action . it 's also a long , tedious film that is not one of his best , but will satisfy those who enjoy ultra-violence in their movies 
software pos 253.txt i think this program is fantastic . i have used it many times so far and have gotten many great compliments . 
dvd pos 859.txt set two is really season three , ( set five is season one.. . ? ? ) , and all the " murders " are excellent ! 
software neg 7.txt this dude is selling info that you can learn from anyone with very limited computer knowledge . all of the same info is on the net for free . this product exists for one purpose.. . to steal from you . this pathetic thief has gone through the trouble of putting together an eleaborate scam to steal from his customers by charging their credit card 80 bucks a month without their permission . he could have used his energy and tallents to just make a good product.. . but scams seem to be his thing . avoid ! ! this is the worst company that i have ever delt with in my entire life . this john guy and anyone that works for him should be ashamed . he is an embarrasement to his company and his family . at least a mugger steals from me face to face.. . this snake is sneaky about it 
camera neg 446.txt i purchased this and spent 3 days on the phone with hewlett packard trying to get the correct adapter so it would fit my r818 camera ( the dock has a thin port , roughly 10 connectors ) while the r818 has a mini usb plug ) . hp was less than helpful when it came to trying to get the correct adapter , getting a different answer each time i spoke to a different rep ( even being told at one point that no supervisors were working ) . i was finally able to get someone willing to send me one , but said it was going to be 10+ business days to get it , which by then i 'll be on vacation ( and i purchased it well in advance giving myself time to get the adapter , thinking it was not hard to get ) . i was looking forwared to using the dock on my vacation . i would definately *not* recommend this if you have the photosmart r818 digital camera , unless you like the stress of spending hours on the phone with hewlett packard trying to get a correct part , and waiting 10+ business days to get it 
health pos 452.txt my last braun razor was model 6550 , which i purchased 7 years ago . the braun 8975 is a pleasure using , quick and close shave . the technology has come a long way . i have always used braun and this is by far the best yet . 
dvd neg 591.txt as has been noted , this formula has been filmed several times , most recently as " you 've got mail " , with tom hanks and meg " trout pout " ryan . of the several versions , " in the good old summertime " is my least favorite . the problem i think is that the studio coasted on the stars charisma , which does n't quite cut it here . the chemistry betwixt the two leads never comes to a boil in this movie . there are no real sparks . van johnson and judy garland remind me of day old donuts , pleasant but stale . and when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow . judy in particular is disappointing . she looks like she has no neck ! i do n't know if she was having trouble with pain or something but she looks like a turtle trying to pull it 's head into it 's shell , all hunched up and everything . i could n't figure out what van johnson was getting so hot about . i would have made a bee line for that cute violin player . and van was n't great either . i 've always thought of him as a rather generic hollywood leading man and he does n't do anything to dispel that image here . if you 're a fan of the stars or the early 1900 's then you might like this movie . but there are a lot more entertaining romantic comedies out there , and they offer you much more than a mouthful of stale confection 
books neg 581.txt written in cartoon format , i thought this book would be a lighter approach to a straight , dry , biography of scientists . however , it is written more like a series of political cartoons than cartoons for kids . the cartoons are barely understandable if the biography of the scientist is not already known , so using it as an initial reading is impossible . further , some content is offensive . on the second page of cartoons , a scientist is walking along a bridge , thinking , when someone mistakenly believes he is getting ready to jump , saying , " no woman is worth committing suicide over . " the pictures show a scantily-clad woman ( with bare bottom in one frame ) that he is now picturing in his mind . irrelevant and inappropriate ! plus , i did n't have to go far to find swear words in the captions . yikes ! my kids will never see this book ! it is not even appropriate for high-school age kids . ( in fact , it is n't even funny to adults ! 
books pos 143.txt the book is really thorough when it comes to showing how to do proper lifting techniques with the kettlebell in different variations.it 's great for a beginner who is starting out . 
camera neg 752.txt i agree with reviewer steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . the paper works says the " may " focus down to 35' . maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . i am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . and no , the rubber eye caps absolutely will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses ( like me ) . scot 
dvd neg 816.txt two of the worst stories in the history of tos , but for different reasons . the ' way to eden ' makes the mistake of trying to be trendy , and so dates badly . what the real problem is though is that it makes the enterprise crew seem to be the disapproving establishment , especially of all people captain kirk . ' requiem for methuselah ' is at heart a reasonable story with the assertion that one man could be responsible for the work of da vinci , brahms and others . what it completely fails to do is have any appreciation for kirk 's relationships with women . threre is no way any woman would have kirk obsessed to the point he would fight for her , he is far to full of his own importance for that . this effectively trashes any credibility that the story would have had because this is the crux of the whole episode . a real pity 
dvd neg 857.txt batman begins is soooo much better than this or any other of the batman movies . nicholson sucked as the joker . joker is a comedian who had an accident trying to pull a robbery to help his pregnant wife . he is not a gangster or the one who killed batman 's parents ! ! ! ! he is a psycho and batman 's nemesis ! ! ! you ca n't kill him off ! ! ! how stupid is that ? ! ! ! who came up with that one . keaton is a sissy , christian bale could beat him down ! ! ! keaton did not have the physical prescence to play batman . all in all , a joke of a comic movie..but it is better than daredevil ! ! ! ! : - 
health pos 71.txt happy with price and product . very very easy to use ; fast and accurate 
health pos 406.txt i do n't know if it makes your hair shiny or not ( i never noticed increased shine ) however , i do think it does it does a nice job . it worked better when my hair was around shoulder length , but it puts a nice curl in your hair and as long as it 's not too humid out , it stays in . now that my hair is down to my waist , it does n't hold curl anymore . just a little on the ends and if it 's even a little humid , forget it . the main thing that bothers me about this set is the clips that hold the rollers in . i do n't know what they were thinking , but they really suck . they pull on your hair a little while they 're holding the roller in and make you look an awful lot like madusa . anyone who happens to see you will most certainly have a few jokes and laughs 
camera pos 478.txt what a great little accessory for my camera . could have used it in seattle last month , boy did it rain 
camera pos 58.txt very good rechargable battery pack.holds charge for a long time even if camera is not used much . capable of taking many shots with plenty of review time . very pleased with it 
books pos 998.txt if you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book . very well done 
camera pos 265.txt bought this remote about a month ago . it does what it says . you can even use it from behind . great little device for the price 
dvd pos 380.txt you gotta get the whole series....you ca n't just get one or two dvds...you need the whole thing , trust me . once you start you gotta go all the way to the end 
music neg 601.txt it 's not as good as his other albums . he tries too hard and he praises himself way too much . poor guy ; no wonder it had a fake case 
music neg 774.txt while i doubt i 'll ever get used to the edited ( single ? ) version of ' nights in white satin ' presented here , i have to agree that the song selection in general is excellent for a compilation of this seminal band . that said , the moody blues ( or more likely , their record label ) have n't exactly been shy about releasing such anthologies and hits collections on cd , either . while ' gold ' represents an affordable means of buying some of the best known and loved music from the moody blues , it also is for me one of the most trying listening experiences as well . if i had to guess , i 'd say much of the music contained on ' gold ' comes from different masters than the songs currently found on other collections , and on the band 's original cd albums . there are definite issues with the sonic quality of these songs as presented on this disc . for instance , the music track of ' nights ' is horrendously compressed in comparison to earlier cd versions of this song ; perhaps the record label was working with an unremastered single release master of the song ( my guess ) , but the audible discrepancies between this version and earlier examples ( albeit , in the full album form including the late lament and the full orchestral intro ) are hard for this listener to stomach . i can point to any of the earlier music included here and say pretty much the same thing . whatever the reason , the original source material used for this cd could 've seriously benefitted from earnest remastering work . while i suspect that would 've raised the asking price of ' gold ' , i also would contend that great music deserves such caring treatment . as it is , too much of ' gold ' as issued is indeed quite tarnished , which in the real world given the metal that goes by periodic symbol of au would 've been impossible to do . but evidently in realm of the corporate music world , when selling music on the cheap and banging out sloppily compiled cds it 's very easy to take the most precious and thoroughly muck it up 
camera pos 844.txt this is a pretty accurate radar gun for baseball , as far as i can tell . if you follow the directions , and are as close to the action as possible , and at a " straight on " angle , it looks like its correct in the + - 1 mph statement . however , this is a cool gadget , but if you are serious about " speed " and would like more versatility , then your going to have to go with the official mlb jugs gun...but at a much higher price . good luck 
health neg 141.txt but leaves a lot to be desired in practice . just get a small electric or hand crank food processor . this is not worth your time 
health neg 978.txt i used it one time , placed it on the charger and it never worked again . now i face the added expense to pack and ship back for warranty repair . not happy with my internet purchase from your company . 
software pos 237.txt this was a wonderful game ! hours of good , solid game play . an interesting mystery and intriguing characters . a chance to interact with aquatic life . i learned how to work a gps and a ham radio . it was so much fun . the puzzles were a good mix of ability-levels and types . word puzzles , spatial puzzles , problem-solving ones . i can completely recommend this game 
dvd neg 824.txt this mediocre effort is disappointingly unfunny . considering the comedic caliber of its two stars , billy crystal and robin williams , i was expecting a laugh riot , but that 's not what this is . it 's not their fault , it 's the scriptwriter's . i guess maybe it was just one of those scripts that read funny on paper , but that humor just did n't translate to the screen , despite the best efforts of mssrs. crystal and williams . they deserve better , and so do we 
books neg 804.txt wow ! i read all these great reviews and thought this would be a great book . luckily , i got it out of the library & did n't buy it . i liked it at first , but then the situations got more & more implausible . then i was reading it just to laugh at it . some of the sentences in the book were completely ridiculous too . if i had the book here at work with me , maybe i could quote a couple descriptions that just had me rolling my eyes . not a well written book at all in my humble opinion . glad the rest of you enjoyed it anyway 
health neg 903.txt like the reviewer below , my dryer also stopped working within a short period . it was never dropped or misused - - after about a month , it simply refused to turn on when plugged in . now , there is a decent warranty for the product . however , with the money you spend on shipping and the $4 they request for handling / return shipping , buying another inexpensive dryer starts to sound like a better deal . i do n't know if the other reviewer and i got the only two lemons , but since we both found our way to amazon with this review , i would n't recommend the product to other buyers 
books neg 695.txt i started reading this book hoping for the best . in turn , i found that my hopes were n't fulfilled . the beginning half was intriguing and kept me wanting more . after the tone changed , the book became bitter and boring . the characters lost their flare , and the whole book lost personality . the book became dull and lost appeal to me . the book 's writing style , in the beginning , was original and fun . following the death of little red the book slowly fell apart , leaving me tempted to stop reading the book . if someone asked me to recommend a good book , this would not be the one 
camera pos 752.txt i got this camera for my birthday present in january and i 'm extremely satisfied . i 'm very new to the entire " photography world " , however this camera makes it easy to get into . the camera is smaller than i expected , however it takes great pictures . i use it often for pictures while we are on trips . the picture quality is great , however screen quality is n't up-to-par with other brands . this is a great value and i really like it . my only complaint is that the easyshare software is bad . it 's slow , outdated , and does n't work well overall . i recommend getting a 1 gb sd card . i have 3 of them 
camera neg 750.txt i bougt this camera because i had had a sony coolpix 3 , which took great pictures . with this camera , you can never get it adjusted right . if you use the flash the pictures are to light , if you dont they are too dark . it is a constant battle with this little cute camera . worse camera purchase i ever made . 
camera neg 75.txt i purchased the canon powershot s500 digital elph last march . i kept getting blurry pictures so i called canon technical support . they went through the whole procedure to make sure my camera was all set up . well i followed their directions but everything was the way it should have been . so they said i should send it in because there was obviously a problem with it . then i sent it in and had to pay for the shipping there . they sent it back and said they had switched out some optical thing . well i just finally went to get my pictures developed and they all have the same problem . they never fixed the problem . mind you this was the approximately 9 months of my son 's life before the age of 2. i called tech support and ended up having to wait more than 24 hours for a call back from a supervisor . she said they would send me pre paid envelope to check out the camera . well i was greatful and had to tell her that during babysitting in late august a little boy had dropped my camera so there was damage to the outside part of the camera , but it did not effect the quality of the pictures because they were the same as prior to the day it was dropped . she said that they would probably not cover it due to the fact that it might have been caused by the dropped camera . i told i have proof of when it happened and that the pictures prior to that date are coming in blurry just like it was before i sent it in the first time . i started to cry that my son 's 9 months are all ruined and she was practically laughing when i got off the phone . the camera is worse than a disposable camera . do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . i recommend olympus . my olympus prior to this was only 3 megapixels and was better quality than this piece of junk . i am planning on contacting the better business bureau regarding this matter . please do n't waste your time on this , like i have to ! i hope this helps people make better choices ! good luck ! i wish someone could have forecasted this for me 
books pos 945.txt i also used this book in my graduate program . this book provides an excellent overview student development theory . it is an excellent introductory text . i had the added benefit of using this text in a course taught by one of the authors 
camera pos 533.txt we purchased this camera as a replacement for our bulky sony dsc-p52 , which stopped working after year or so due to a problem with the lens mechanism . naturally , only time will tell if this is any different , but in the meantime , here 's what you need to know about this baby : the good : 1 ) size and weight - fits almost comfortably in any pocket . much thinner and lighter than any previous digital camera i 've owned , thus encourages one to carry it most anywhere . the size is also pretty comfortable for one-hand shooting . 2 ) big lcd screen - you did n't need me to tell you this , right ? makes previewing images and taking shots much more satisfying , though sometimes it does not appear very clear , especially if the subject is not static . however , it is bright and rich in color . 3 ) infolithium - this is sony 's name for a battery that tells you how much time it has left - only approximately , of course . if use is consistent , will provide you with a good idea . if you use one function then another then another , it tends to vary much more and is not as useful . 4 ) integrated charger / usb station - a flimsy plastic cradle takes care of charging the on-board battery as well as providing a usb hookup for downloading images and video into the computer . minimizes wires and removes the need for a separate charger , though the bright white color is far from a match . the bad : 1 ) focusing problems - the camera cannot focus on objects that are relatively close to it . i am not speaking about macros , but simply the function - or lack thereof - to focus on small , near objects , such as coins , stamps , or text . quick focus on objects farther away , though . 2 ) integrated battery - i listed the infolithium as a positive , but the fact that you cannot just pop-in a couple of aa batteries means you will always need the station or the plug to charge up if you need some juice . i do n't know if the battery is universal , but even if it is , it will cost substantially more to purchase a replacement . 3 ) incompatible memory sticks - i will not complain about sony 's desire to make consumers pay more for its cards than adopting a standard , but this camera uses the memorystick duo , which is about 1 / 4 or so smaller than the " regular " memorystick . this means that the hundreds you may have invested in memory cards for previous sony digital cameras are pretty useless , as they do not fit into this or any other device using the smaller cards . 4 ) ineffective flash - the flash is tiny , thus does not provide adequate illumination in the dark . within a few feet is okay , but farther subjects are not touched . 5 ) 3x optical zoom - c'mon , this is 2005 ! 3x optical zoom is pretty pathetic for such an expensive camera . 6 ) slow write speed - there is a decent pause between pictures , meaning you not be able to shoot at a rapid rate . you can certainly take pictures in bursts , but it takes even longer to write to the memory stick . previewing the images is also slow . this is also disappointing , as it 's not faster than my older p52. 7 ) no tripod hookup - if you wish to use a tripod , you have to mount the camera on the plastic station , then connect the tripod to the plastic dock . this is far from ideal . well , there you have it . the negatives i listed may be insignificant for you , in which case this could be a great value for you . i am certainly happy with it , but i only wish sony would stop treating its customers like cash cows with changing standards , compatibilities , and dubious long-term quality 
dvd pos 70.txt i love this film , beautifully simple and human . the characters are real ; flawed yet somehow you find sympathy for them - just like your own family . i 've rented at least fifteen times , and i never get bored of it . it 's great any time of year , but fantastic for the holidays 
books pos 116.txt definitely a wonderful book . for those following the teachings of the other books , this book provides more useful information . the path that castaneda elucidated is fraught with controvery and extreme views ( read the other reviews ) . i found it useful to read and judge for myself . what castaneda wrote about is not fiction however it is a difficult path that very few ever advance upon , thus the angry reviews of those calling castaneda a fraud due to their own failure . its also a path that those given to fantasy and believing in their own ' specialness ' jump on and thus follow blindly with no lasting gains , making up their experience as they go and making sure others hear about it . definitely not a path for everyone but certainly open to sober verification . also a great book for those looking for a well written and gripping book . i believe castaneda 's genius as well as his contribution to mankind is yet to be fully appreciated . i am grateful for the gift of his writings and wisdom 
software pos 173.txt i 'm a longtime mac user and for re-naming and archiving and cataloguing thousands of images iview media pro is the best , i really like the feature that let 's you produce and publish on-line galleries of your images , without any code or html experience , using only a very simpe interface and you 're ready to go . for the full-time photographer or amateur , i highly recomend it 
software pos 315.txt i 've always preferred wordperfect to word . i find it is easier to use , more intuitive , and allows more control over documents . it is less buggy , and i have yet to find one thing that word does better than wp . this new version of wp is even better than the old , and i can use it more now because it seamlessly converts documents to and from word . word users should find this version especially easy to switch to , since it can be made to look and act like word ( though why anyone would want that , i do n't know ) . underneath the surface , though , it is still wp , which means it is stable , you can see codes in your document and manipulate them , and it wo n't do things like decide when you put a number somewhere that you are making a list and start indenting and doing other weird things you do n't want and ca n't control . i have been using wpx3 heavily since i got it , but i still have n't used all the features . i am especially looking forward to trying its pdf conversion function . i also have n't used any of the other programs in the suite yet , but if prior versions are any indicator , they will also be easy to use and powerful . 
health pos 54.txt i was surprised to open this pedometer page after sometime and see all the negative reviews it receives . i have been using this specific model for more than 3 months now and i am really satisfied with it . it is really accurate ( & lt ; 1% declination , i have performed more than four tests of more than 400 steps during different times of its life and i have seen a couple of cheap pedometers performing much worse ) , clips firmly to belt or pants , displays the time conveniently and has nice backlight , even has a radio which works , although as most people said , not really its best feature . the truth is that i am not using the radio at all , mostly because i believe the batteries will last longer and it will save me from extra trips to walmart . but i have tested it and it works , although nothing impressive there . of course , for the money , i think you cannot go wrong with this pedometer . one funny comment is that , although most people complain it cannot open very easily , after sometime it will open more easily that you think . actually it has been a couple of times where putting a bag on my shoulders or a waist pouch and applying some pressure on it by mistake , will open it wide , so it does not count any steps . but it does not open by itself anyway , needs external force for this to happen , so it does not happen often . all in all , i am sure that the plastic construction and the less than rigorous production testing will result in many pieces that do not function properly and will result in bad reviews . maybe i have been lucky , maybe not , but this has been one of the best and most reliable devices that i carry and use every day . and a great incentive for walking and exercising more 
camera neg 14.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance 
dvd neg 69.txt i have been a long-time radiohead fan and , like many others , have been waiting patiently for a live dvd . so i was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist . it never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old ! i could n't help being disappointed when i watched this dvd . the constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch . in fact , i only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust . i know i would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime . i 've always that radiohead was modern , progressive , and totally innovative . i appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey.. . and it does n't help that before every song , thom mutters " this is a new one . " 
music pos 350.txt there is a reason why styx was the first musical act to have 4 triple platinum albums in row ! find out why . they are a unique band , with their own uncatagorizable style and sound . not hard rock , but can rock . not pop , but catchy melodies and great three part harmony . not art rock , but themed concepts in their writing and dramatic tempo changes and crescendos in their music . it is probably true that lady was the first power ballad , though styx was not credited for it . lady paved the way for other rock bands to showcase their softer sides . perhaps styx was not always successful in their attempts , but they took chances artistically and musically and should be given props for doing so . every song on this cd is great ; however the two that stand out for me are too much time on my hands and suite madame blue . most people who have spent time in neighborhood bar will would likely agree that too much time on my hands is witty , funny , and true . suite madame blue a song which is a metaphor for the united states is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever ! ! the lyrics of suite madame blue are as powerful as the music , and this song contains all the elements which made styx great 
software pos 937.txt i tried an inexpensive program first and found it just did n't work . this program has been fantastic ! 
music pos 367.txt while not dissimilar to other excellent acts such as coldplay , keane , and pete yorn , travis have distinguished themselves as a band with their own unique style and sound . this , their 2nd album , is the best of their music : melodic throughout , with catchy tunes , solid lyrics , and tremendous guitar work that captures the listener from the first chords of ' sing ' to the fade-out from ' the humpty dumpty love song' . if you buy an album once you know three or four or more of its songs are excellent , then i confidently recommend the invisible band to you . rating each song individually for one 's ipod : 1. sing , side , the cage , afterglow and the humpty dumpty love song are each worthy of four to five stars 2. pipe dreams , flowers in the window , safe , follow the light , and indefinitely are three to four star songs 3. the balance are two to three stars each . the only poor effort is probably " last train " , which is too plodding relative to its counterparts the invisible band is basically a healthy mix of folksy , hopeful songs mixed with just the right amount of melancholy . nowhere is this better reflected than in ' the humpty dumpty love song ' , which defines this mix perfectly . while this is the best of the album , the rest is well worth listening to repeatedly . highly recommended 
camera pos 100.txt this battery is backwards compatible with the d50 , d70 / 70s , and is used in the d80 and d200. so if you have any nikon dslr and want a second battery , you want to get this one so that when you upgrade your camera you can use the battery . this battery has built-in circuitry that tells you the actual charge status of the battery , and it is accurate . this is a big deal ; *if you are using the d200 or d80* it lets you know when your really do need to switch batteries or charge up . this is the first battery i 've seen that is accurate in this regard . kudos to nikon . ( this feature does not work in the d50 / 70 / 70s but the battery otherwise works fine ) 
software pos 746.txt understand . i have a full ms new office suite that i got from work . but choose to use this product for the many items included which ca n't be beat . if you just want to use word and nothing else then get it alone . this is fine . but the other products are worth the discount and rebate also . cost is the lowest i found . if you have a reward ceriticate using amazon credit card . that $25 more off the price . so in the end it cost me $30 for it . shop smart and use any break you could get . right ? 
software neg 291.txt it is n't very user friendly . i have other software that is much easier ( adobe photo shop ) . this one will take some time and effort to get used to and work with . 
dvd pos 131.txt john waters is a very brilliant and odd film director . he brings camp , trash , filth , humor and morality to all of his movies , pushes peoples buttons , goes farther than most dare ( and then some ) isnt afraid of being censored and does what he does and to me thats brillance . true alot of people will think his work is tasteless stupid and gross but thats the whole point ! lol ! people who dont have a sense of humor or who are not open minded will not like his movies . these are not for right wing conservatives but they should see them ( especially a dirty shame ) to broaden their minds a little more . my personal favorites are pink flamingos , a dirty shame , female trouble , polyester and desperate living . serial mom is also a fav but not in this collection . he has come from underground trash to queen of filth , trash and crudeness and for not being afraid of being bold , outlandish , outspoken and bizzar , i applaud you john waters . brillant 
health neg 99.txt i was very careful to not press down as instructed when cleaning cds , yet i was left with light circular scratches and smudges untouched . as for scratches , you may as well use toothpaste for all the good this will do you . the solution does not fill in even the lightest scratches . i tried it with several different scatches and discs and the result was the same . multiple applications fared no better . the disc i bought this for primarily is in worse shape than when i started 
camera pos 217.txt do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment 
music pos 323.txt great trip down memory lane . had forgotten that paul davis had recorded some of the songs . " i still go crazy " is one of the best songs ever 
camera pos 355.txt these cameras are as simple to use as any i have ever seen and the quality of the pictures are as good or better than cameras costing 3 times as much . great buy 
books pos 902.txt these mysteries are cozy and interesting and good ! ! ! they are perfect ! ! ! i could not ask for a better mystery ! ! ! not only is the setting and atmosphere cozy , but the clues , story line , and pacing are perfect ! this author definitely has talent ! ! ! the clues are perfectly and cleverly crafted and lead to the mystery solving . and the characters - you feel like you know them ! ! ! i love this small town and all the characters . not just the main characters , but the other characters have purpose and meaning in this book . hannah opened up a cookie shop , with the encouragement of her sister , andrea . hannah finds the milk truck delivery driver dead in his truck . she is determined to find out why he was murdered . i also loved the cookies and coffee and cold weather ! and i enjoyed the sisters ' relationship 
software neg 634.txt i am not a bookkeeper . without bookkeeping software i would be lost ! i own a small business and help keep books for a friend 's business . i have quickbooks from 1996 and love it so i convinced my friend to get this newer version . i am very disappointed with the format and see very little similarity between them . aarrrgh ! 
books pos 778.txt " the climb " was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's " into thin air " . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that " the climb " seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as " into thin air " , " the climb " still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding " translations " about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie " everest " . 
camera pos 447.txt at 10mp , this camera takes some of the clearest and visually stunning pictures i have ever taken with a digital camera . the clarity and detail alone are reason to get this camera . the display , although pooh-poohed by others as too small , is quite large to me . the cameras small , lithe design is another selling point . nothing bulky about this camera . you can put it in your front pants-pocket if you needed to . do yourself a favor and get this camera . you wo n't regret it . 
camera pos 630.txt its a cable , it works , what else do you want ? i know its not the cheapest one out there , but this one says " sony " on it . yea ! ! but , i am a true believer that you only get what you pay for . im sure its better quality than the five dollar version at the flea market . who knows , but i sure feel all warm and fuzzy about getting quality sony products . 
music pos 968.txt though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone 
dvd pos 445.txt if you 're looking for a video that does n't take a lot of time , then this is one that you should add to your collection . it does n't matter if you 're a beginner or have been doing this stuff for years , there are two levels to suit both challenges . 10 minutes is spent on abs , buns & amp ; thighs . you can choose to do all of them or one of them when you get a spare 10 minutes . the exercises are great and you can feel the burn in all your muscles . if you do this video 3-5 times a week and eat a healthy diet , you 'll easily lose inches and tighten up those & quot ; loose&quot ; areas 
software neg 302.txt the product performs inconsistently . it failed miserably when it tried ocr on a page printed in comic sans , for instance , mistaking a 's for g 's , and @ 's for a 's , etc. in short it was worthless for scanning in something as simple as a list of names and email addresses . it 's " ok " when doing some fonts . and generally manages to figure out where the images are . the interface is supposed to be simple , but is counter-intuitive , and confusing to learn . scanners are " iffy " - - may work , may not , so make sure you test in the 30 day trial period . support ? forget unless you want to pay . not even a single support call is included in the package . i will not buy or upgrade with this company again unless they are willing to provide at least a minimum of a couple of support calls or emails . i 've had almost all the versions before this , and to be honest like this one less than what was before . if you want to try it , buy from a source that will honor the 30-day money-back trial period . you may need it 
music neg 862.txt ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness ) 
dvd neg 79.txt i loved these guys as a kid . this collection sucks ! ! ! do n't buy it ! the first 3 dvd 's are silent and the 5th dvd is a reunion show . the grand total for shows you can actually watch is 4. take your time and search out the specific shows and characters you love and get them individually . if i could get my money back i would run to the nearest post office and return this item asap ! ! 
software pos 979.txt you will probably read 50 / 50 from the reviews on this software . having used the older poser software.. . one thing i am a fan of is miki and terai yuki...japanese virtual beauties and if you are a fan of japanese styled video games and the character designs , the fact that e-frontier is now the company behind poser 6 , i 'm so stoked . granted , the software with bundles ( best to buy it bundled with other cool software ) , there is a free software out called daz3d . daz3d content creators make stuff for daz3d and poser and vice versa but no matter if you go with the free program or poser 6 , the result will be the same...expect to pay money for content . i highly recommend getting the book " pratical poser 6 " because it 's very , very informative unlike the manual . next thing...before you buy...mosey down to daz3d.com , contentparadise.com , renderosity.com and ask yourself , can you afford to buy the content . content costs anywhere from free to over $100+. and the good stuff costs money...maybe not a lot but it does add up . the next thing to know is that after you buy the content , due to how the hair or clothing conforms to the body ( or how it 's placed ) , they are not organized . to make matters worse is that the names that the creators have called their work are long that the window for the selections ( figure , pose , hair , prop , etc. ) can get cut off and so , it becomes a bit of a choir to go back and forth to certain folders . but i got used to it and the thing is ....all developers for the content are helpful . content paradise is a great place to buy your content as well as from the creators websites as well . there is a lot of trial and error and i wish there were more undos...because really , although there is an undo...you mess up...you ca n't just undo...you have to start over your from your save file ( and hopefully you saved ) . nevertheless , the stuff i was able to create in poser is wonderful . i will say that i have spent a lot not just on the poser and the bundle but the content . it adds up quickly ! ! ! so , consider the benefits for you . although i love the characters from daz3d and the ever popular foxhair , i 'm more a fan for poser but still expect to be buying content from dax3d for use of poser . 
health pos 469.txt i own this unit for more than a year . bought it in the local drug store for $20. first unit was bad , displaying low battary error . i exchanged it same day for another one . i compared readings with traditional thermometers and found it to be very accurate , fast , and can show in both c and f . the best i 've ever had . the case is bad - lock broke in a week 
music pos 655.txt sorry , ya just ca n't replace michael hutchence . this is a great overview of all of their greatest hits . i am not a huge fan of greatest hits cds b / c people tend to buy them and , therefore , miss all of the excellent songs that were n't released as singles . all inxs cds are worth buying separately . but , if you must.....this will work 
music neg 842.txt i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead 
books pos 674.txt in his last command , gaunt 's ghosts have returned from their mission on gereon , a chaos controlled planet , to ancreon sextus where war is also raging , in a continuation of the story of gaunt 's ghosts . they have been changed which is frightening to those around them . they changed in order to survive on gereon , but others think the transformation may be more sinister ; therefore , they are put in internment camps and questioned . finally , they are allowed back into battle as the forces attack sparshad mons , a step-city ruin on ancreon sextus , which appears to be filled with the enemy . not many people want to listen to gaunt , even though he is an expert warrior with sharpened senses . nothing is as it seems as the battle progresses and gaunt must find a way to get his superiors to understand what he knows . will gaunt ever convince them that what they are seeing is not really what they are seeing ? dan abnett has written a sequel to a story that i think you would need to read before tackling this one . after a spell , things did become clearer and i was able to pick up the storyline . the characters were well flesh out and the writing was smooth but the story did move a bit slow in places when some of the battles were taking place . there were many battles and a lot of dying on the battlefields . strange monsters inhabited the land and only gaunt knew where they came from . the monsters were fascinating in that they could not be killed in a normal way . only gaunt 's ghosts knew how to get rid of them . reviewed by alice holman of the rawsistaz reviewers 
dvd neg 877.txt if you are looking for something shocking , do n't bother with this movie . rape scene : why does n't she run ? ? ? ? why does n't she fight ? ? ? how come there 's all this blood on her all of a sudden ? ? ? where did that come from ? ? ? ? stupid . revenge scenes : first of all , i was n't upset enough to thirst for revenge . second of all , the murder scenes were even weaker than the rape scene . what you 've basically got here is a movie hollywood could remake , scene for scene , including every gratuitous moment . and it would get made . it would show in theaters . and lots of annoying people would think it was horrifying . go rent " irreversible " it 's much better at this sort of thing . 
camera pos 729.txt i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal . 
books neg 185.txt this is not a book i would recomend for anyone serious interested in rune casting . it tells nothing of the history of runes and it seems if the writer figured out what tarot card closely matches each rune and then wrote the book based off that info . there are much better books out there for rune casting 
music neg 698.txt based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous 
music neg 45.txt ok , booty rap was good in the 90 's , when it was offensive and raunchy like , 2 live crew , disco rick and the dogs , poison clan etc.....but this is just wack weak lyrics , corny typical krunk beats that start all sounding the same....and is it just me are these guys as rappers , just horrible there voices all raspy , and annoying and one the guy 's from the groups always does that annoying shout thing in interviews like hahhhhherrrrrr.... . ( what is he on crack or something ) so if you like radio friendly , pretty boy music then the ying yang twins are for you peace.. . 
dvd pos 861.txt i 've seen it about 20 times now . it does n't get old . the faces , the moves and the lines of matthew perry are always fresh . my husband likes selma , a lot , so it 's a win win for both of us . they are great together . good stuff 
dvd neg 743.txt the technology on here is great but the storyline is going no where . what 's the point ? 3000 is creepy as usual and big boi 's acting is horrible when he 's paired against terrence howard . they only got 1000 screens nationwide for this movie but it does n't matter . 3000 screens or 1000 screens , the bottom line is that this movie sucks . 
camera neg 463.txt this is a good example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners away from . the first red flag is the ridiculously high advertised magnification of " 600x . " do you know what you will see at 600x in this scope ? nothing but a dim blur . note that the objective ( main ) lens is 60mm . all telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , the increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good . the finder is useless ; a 6x30 is barely adequate , and this is not even that big . finding any object other than the moon will be an exercise in frustration . the 1 1 / 4 " size of the eyepiece is creditable , but too high a mignification for this scope . and the field of view is in doubt , and do n't even think of using the barlow . buy this scope , and after a few outings , it will most likely sit in the attic . the review immediately before mine is correct . this is no way to get started in astronomy . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on this website ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope . 
books pos 19.txt i must say my first reaction was to be surprised at how much better hawking is at explaining modern physics than my college instructors were . heisenberg 's uncertainty principle was just an equation i learned . hawking made it seem like common sense . hawking tries a little too hard to be witty at times ( and punctuates all of his jokes with exclamation points ! just in case you missed them ! ) , but all-in-all , this was a quite readable account of what 's presently known about cosmology . i use the term " presently " guardedly , as just recently there was some big finding about dark matter ( it exists ! ) , but from now on , when there are new findings in physics , i want hawking to explain them to me , because i feel like then i might understand them . that 's why you should read this book . the reason you should not read this book is because you have no interest in wrestling with abstractions with which you will never interact in daily life , and would rather read about global warming or darfur or something a bit more topical and practical . this was still a hard read , and i feel like i grasped maybe 80% of it . for you to decide , but for a former engineering student , this was something i wish i had read when i was taking physics 
dvd pos 180.txt henry fonda leads an all star cast in this great classic ! when good men do nothing , evil prevails ! watch the drama unfold and see . one young man 's life on the line one hot and humid room one clock counting the hours twelve men from different backgrounds twelve heated opinions one verdict . . . 
camera pos 951.txt i bought this product almost a month ago , its sleek , its reliable and has all good features a good digital camera should . worth the money for a sony camera , this camera has the usualy seen high quality for a sony product 
camera pos 823.txt great product . good value . maybe a little slow for focusing , compared to my old 18-55mm canon lens . good quality pictures . great all in one lens 
software pos 505.txt why buy the upgrade when you can buy the full version ? basically cause it was cheap . you will see , old version , new version , 10.4.6 , 10 , 4 , 8 and so on . i just bought the old version and installed the latest update . now i am up to date and for a lot less money which meant i could spend the extra cash on more software for my mac . as far as performance , no faster than jaguar or panther . the benchmarks say faster but if you stare at the screen in any version , the 10 nano seconds you save are not noticable . you will encounter drive issues at some point as this version appears to have issues more often . this seems to be due to the new journaling scheme but i cannot back this up . if possible i recommend you erase the drive you are installing to . in the disk utility , select the erase tab , and then the security button , select the zero out data option . note : you cannot erase a drive but only a volume . this will clear out any corrupt data and pinpoint any bad or damaged sectors . the main reason i wanted this was for the widgets . they are a blessing . calculator , thesarus , package tracking , and many more . tiger only comes with about a dozen widgets but in the widget configuration button , you will see the more widgets option . you will be directed to hundreds of others widgets for immediate and free installation . my favorite is the weather and radar widget as i work outdoors a lot . i am able to quickly see the latest radar and plan my week , all by press f12. no need to interupt what i am doing on the mac as the widgets will pop up in my layout and my activities stay active . click any area other than a widget and they hide away . if you want to wait for a version of the osx that allows you to write your own widgets without taking a programming course , wait for leopard 
health pos 172.txt i was 5 minutes early getting out of the house to go to work one morning so i decided i could stop by a coffee shop and get a mocha . on my way back to my car the mocha " splooshed " out of the sipping hole in the to-go lid and got all over my sweater...naturally , that day it was a white silk knit sweater . so i had these large dark brown coffee / chocolate stains , and a decision to make about whether to make myself extremely late to work by going home to change . the cafe was next to a supermarket so i decided to go buy a tide to go pen and give it a try . i applied it as directed to the stain and immediately the stain lightened noticeably . i was a bit worried because after treatment there were still light tan stains visible , but after blotting the excess liquid and letting the sweater dry while wearing for about half an hour , there was no hint that any mocha had ever touched my sweater . the cleansing agent also gets points for not damaging my silk sweater , despite the fact i was rubbing the product in fairly vigorously ( out of desperation...i was going to be late for work ! ) i 'm not sure how it would work on other stains but i will keep one in my purse from now on . on the packaging it does identify which sorts of stains it works best on , and which it will be less effective on . from other reviews this will not work so well on some common food stains , so that 's why i 'm giving 4 stars and not 5. another minor concern is the warning about blotting the fluid if fabric will come into contact with direct sunlight . it does n't say what will happen if you allow saturated fabric to see sunlight . perhaps there is the potential for color / fabric damage 
camera neg 252.txt i am fascinated with this machine . it has incredible detail although it lacks a little lattitude and details are lost as soon as there are some shadows . the battery so far usually lasts me the whole day when i go touring . if i take care to shut the display down as soon as i dont need it anymore i find that when i am on a cruise ship or visiting another country i can take all the movies i usually want - - and recharge when i get back to my room at night . the only problem is playback on a tv or pc . the bundled software made by ulead is not user friendly and , whereas the previous xacti i had played back images and video clips in the order i had taken , this one separates them and plays back either clips or images . before i played back through my panasonic hard disk dvd recorder and recorded a dvd directly . now i have to go into my pc and do a whole lot of editing and so far the " movie factory " program keeps crashing . i imagine somebody will eventually suggest a better software program , or i will learn to use ulead , but for the time being the pictures and clips ihave taken have very good detail , and the machine has operated flawlessly . 
books neg 303.txt i do n't know what to say about this book . it is the single worst book i have ever read in my young life . i feel like i 've witnessed a horrible tragedy and am at a loss for words to describe it . i would say at some point in the book , maybe about halfway , every line of dialogue , every characterization , every plot point , is absolutely terrible . this book is truly an offense to literacy , and i cannot understand how a publisher of any merit or author could publish and print this trash . i can only imagine that robin cook either allowed a child to write this book , or was chronically drunk while writing it . either that or he has lost his faculties altogether . i have read children 's essays that have been better written . while it would take a novel to explain all the problems with this book , the highlights are : -knowing the mystery 50 pages into the book and being forced to painfully watch the dumb characters discover the mystery -cliche mania with lines like , " i going to get to the bottom of this mystery " and when the character 's discover something , giving each other high-fives . -racist remarks about blacks living in harlem about how they like to steal televisions , own guns , and play basketball . -stereotype characters such as mafioso that like to eat spaghetti and named dominick and vinny . -incredible suspension of disbelief when the heros , nyc coroners , fly off to africa on a moments notice because they want to finish their case of a dead body . ( also paying for their friends to come too ) -wandering around the main installation easily where the evildoers are working , and asking questions , and getting answers to them real easy . -incredible annoying characters that make inappropriate jokes . ( i.e. making sarcastic remarks to a guy holding a gun on them ) -the book spirals into total madness in the last 50 pages to a beyond implausible ending . i got a sense whoever wrote the end of book was on sleeping pills when he wrote it . if anyone thinks this book is better than two stars , they need their head examined . 
health neg 65.txt there are no energy drink ingredients in this stuff . it 's sugar water with a miniscule amount of vitamin c . a completely pathetic rip-off marketing hype which sadly is being sold as a troop supporting product . supporting the troops should not involve buying garbage sugar water at high prices . if you want an energy drink try rockstar or monster . if you want to support the troops buy a savings bond 
software neg 192.txt loaded it on my laptop . it says that a compatible device was not found . went to website , downloaded patch . it said i had the latest patch already . everywhere you go on the roxio website , it tells you you can upgrade to version 8 for $20 off . it still is more than $50 and if version 6 does n't work , why would i throw more money at the problem ? i could find no usefull information on the website and no way to speak to someone . i took it back to best buy . they said they could only exchange it for the same piece of junk . i went next door to staples and they said if i bought software that does not work from them , they would refund my money if i bought it back within 14 days . so , i found a new source for software . pros : it did not crash my laptop it did not cause the modem to dial international calls cons : does n't work no tech support does n't work no tech suppor 
software neg 402.txt i got my dvd a few weeks back and discovered i could not read any of the files form the 1990s . i tried on several computers i have in the house and came to realize that the dvd is defective . i contacted gitcorp about the problem and they informed me they would send me a replacement disc . problem is that after nearly four weeks there has n't been any dvd and repeated attempts to contact gitcorp has resulted in no reponses . update , after continued emails to gitcorp , i finally got a replacment dvd . they did n't even ask to see the original bad dvd . so my rating of this product would go up if i could . if you buy the product , check it closely , and get in touch with gitcorp as soon as you find any problems . they can be very slow about responding 
software neg 360.txt generally like the program . hoped it came with a cd to practice in the car but was wrong . it is totally pc based . i 'll let you know in about three months if i can actually conduct business in deutsch . 
dvd neg 592.txt ca n't add much to the discussion about the movie , but wanted to say that this dvd listed does not contain a widescreen presentation of school daze . it says it has both full screen and widescreen , but it doesnt 
books pos 36.txt tom friedman 's writing style is easy to read and his overarching concepts-webs and walls ; states v . markets v . individuals ; and the comprehensive failure of the arab street , leadership and muslim clergy to combat the really tough and valid questions of the day-are extremely well thought-out . from reading this compilation of nyt columns , i understand where friedman conceived many of his ideas for his current best-selling book , ' the world is flat . ' although i sometimes disagree with his opinions , his ability to see the big picture is spot on 
camera pos 547.txt i purchased this camera as a replacement for canon optura 20 which was dropped and when estimate for repair exceeded price of this camera , i decided to move on . after using dcr-hc28 for several weeks , i believe this is a very neat package . overall , i am very satisfied with this camera . one of the first things that i noticed is that color representation in low light conditions is much more accurate than that of canon . i grew accustomed to adjusting optura 's white balance indoor in order to get accurate color tones . now i am finding , that automatic settings work just fine and , in fact , i did n't have a reason to play with presets as of yet . this camera is more of a " point and shoot " type than canon . it provides you with manual controls , but they are not easily accessible . still , i have not found a reason to mess with these . besides , for those , who would claim that manual settings are necessary for advanced / professional type of filming , i would point to the price tag and ask where and when did they last see an advanced / professional camera for under $300 ? this camera is also about half the size of canon and combined with low price and weight , produces a package that i can drag with me while going to the beach , bicycling , hiking , etc and not having to worry about ruining expensive piece of electronic gear , as was the case with my optura which , at the time when i bought it , cost me about 2.5 times of what i paid for sony . so far , i 've used this camera in about all of the lighting conditions that i would expect to ever having to consider . i have no complaints about its performance . picture seems to be sharply focused and color tones are correct . focus is fast enough to keep up with little kids or to shoot some sports / action . sound quality of the microphone is quiet acceptable . there seems to be very little noise from drive motor and it is not picked up by the mic so it is not transferred to your recording . all of the essential controls and menus are within easy reach . there are few negative points that prevent me from giving this camera 5-star rating . lack of any kind of accessory shoe or external microphone input is a drawback . it would be nice to have these , as it would increase range of conditions under which one can use it . still , among my friends , who actually have a camcorder , about 90% do n't own an accessory light or external microphone , so if it was possible to lower camera cost by omitting these features , it is not a criminal move on part of sony . the lcd display could have been a bit larger and it would not hurt if sony would provide it with more freedom of motion - it only swings out to 90 degree angle and in certain situations it is a limiting factor . 
software neg 632.txt adobe audition is my favorite program . i use it more than any other program i have on my computer . i have used it to restore thousands of old phonograph discs . i am only giving them one star because i ca n't give them no stars for this joke . i knew this was going to happen . i had been using cool edit pro for a long time when adobe bought it and i knew that they were going to turn it into an adobe product and screw it all up . i am very fortunate that i went to adobes web site and downloaded the free trail version . i would have been really upset if i had actually paid money for this dog . lets start with the boot up time . i own a 2 year old average laptop and audition 1.5 used to boot in about 2 seconds . 2.0 takes 20 seconds . that is almost as long as photoshop or premiere pro . next we have the user interface . they destroyed it . and the old one worked so well . adobe is really hung up about making absolutely everything a " palette " and so now every little thing is a palette , allowing you to resize and relocate them to your hearts desire . but after about a half an hour of trying i 'll be darned if i could not make the 2.0 interface remotely resemble the 1.5 interface . the shortcuts buttons have been removed ( wow that makes a lot of sense ) , however you can get it back if you look long enough for the place to do it . ( do n't bother to right-click anything , in their imperial wisdom right-clicking is now pretty useless . ) but if you do put the shortcuts back up they are now all black and white and it is really difficult to find the one you want . in place of the shortcuts they added some icons that i have yet to figure out or to need . what are they thinking ? ? ? ? a lot of the presets have been reconfigured and trying to figure them out gave me a headache . after several hours of playing with this pile of garbage i decided to uninstall it and return to using 1.5. 
camera neg 688.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
software neg 98.txt i 've worked with pinnacle studio versions 8.0 , 9.0 , 9.4. , 10.0 , and this one . and they 've all had two things in common : 1. when the program works , it 's superb . 2. the other 50% of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard . for years , pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing / authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . studio plus v10.5 is no exception . lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . at last , others have emulated the pinnacle platform while eliminating the work / creativity-killing bugs . my advice ? shop around . google the competition . but save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything pinnacle 
music pos 858.txt forget the nit-picky comments you may read here , if you are a fan of any of the artists on this album , buy it ! the recording is of very high quality , and i agree with another review , vacuum tube amplification makes the vocals even better . the banter between the artists in between the musical numbers is a real treat for fans too young to experience these shows live . one other observation , if you buy this not having a huge appreciation for sammy already , you will be blown away by his talent . ..thanks to sinatra family for releasing this disc . hopefully many more are forthcoming 
music pos 70.txt as with her second album , i love " thankful " . kelly clarkson has a beautiful voice and has a lot of talent . i especially like " whats up lonely " , " you thought wrong " , and " just missed the train " . although the whole album is very good . 
health pos 221.txt i purchased this for my wife for christmas and she loves it...as do i . it is n't too ' perfume-y ' and smells terrific 
software neg 593.txt contrary to the advertising about runs on vista , what comes in the box may not run on vista . upgrade now says you are up to date but it is not . , however , you can use product id to download the real vista version . beware the product license says " the software...is provided on as as is basis without warranty of any kind.. . " i had a major mess with nuance 's product verification process . when the product did start to run , it was not correct . to date i 've been charged for two support incidents ( maybe more billing will hit my credit card later ) and i 've logged 3 hours on the phone within the first two weeks as well as several emails . otherwise i like the product but one should not have to have hours of grief and pay and pay to get it running the first time . i 'll never by another nuance product . 
music neg 957.txt please make these songs available to listen - with windowsmedia ! 
camera pos 272.txt 15 years of photography experience here.. . the sigma 15mm fisheye has been extensively reviewed and compared by other websites ( go ahead and search ) and this is a very good product . the canon has a tighter focus and a *touch* faster in focusing , but with the massive depth of field with this lens , it 's not a problem at all . be aware that if you use this on a 1.6 crop factor digital slr that has aps sensors like my 20d or digital rebel , then the fisheye effect is not as pronounced on film or 1.3 or full frame digital slrs . watch lens flare should direct sunlight hit it also...but that happens to any lens that has protruding or bulbous lenses . this is a much better bang for the buck lens than the canon equivalent which costs significantly more . if you search around , you can find much lower prices on this lens 
health pos 194.txt these are by far the best newborn size diapers especially for small babies , but if you order them through amazon , your baby may outgrow them before they even arrive ! i waited 5 weeks then cancelled the order and ordered size 1 , which actually arrived in a few days ! update : i have ordered pampers again through amazon ( different size ) and they shipped right away 
camera neg 17.txt i have been using this cord for about a year , and i had problems with its durability . it actually worked fine for a for the first 5 months , but then it started to fall apart . when mounted on the hotshoe of my flash bracket , the thin plastic shoe ( where the flash is attached to ) developed a crack and eventually broke off , making it useless to mount the flash . i had to buy a replacement part from canon ( who charged me $16 for this small plastic piece ) . i flipped the flash carefully from then on , but then it still cracked ! ! i wrote to canon and asked them to reinforce the bottom maybe made of metal instead of thin plastic . so far , there is no response . a few months later , the cord , for some unknown reason , makes my 550ex flash switch from the ettl to ttl mode , and making the flash fire at full power , overexposing the entire image . i checked the flash by putting it directly on the camera 's hotshoe , and the flash worked fine , switching back to the ettl mode . for a piece of equipment from canon , it 's hard to imagine it giving so many problems . it 's like they only paid tons more attention to their cameras than their accessories . as there are no other oem manufacturers of this cord , i am forced to get another one and hope for the best . 
software neg 186.txt first of all , this software performs like someones term project . why havent these guys been sued yet ? pros : nice retail packaging cons : not tested doesnt burn all your files no support overall a waste of moner 
music neg 942.txt awful . i mean , really awful...and i liked " self portrait " because you knew dylan was just trying to have some fun with his image . this album is just a disaster . the lyrics are ok on most songs ( i 've seen worse by dylan ) , but the music is unexciting , not very creative , and downright embarrassing on some tracks . why , oh , why did you have to make an album like this , bob ? such talented people at your disposal for these sessions , and you threw it away on garbage arrangements . shameful . really sad . 
music pos 825.txt what 's more to say about what may be the best " rock " album ever ( especially if you consider the " my kingdom " ep to be the second disc in a two disc set ) ? the most emotionally wide-ranging album from one of the best bands ever . who else has ever made music like fsol ? the beatles and fripp&crimson are the only possible contenders . i 've never heard anything that does a better job of juxtaposing the terrifying and the unbearably beautiful . if i could pinpoint the one disinguishing feature of all fsol / aa releases , it would be ( as a line in " the isness " goes ) " ...[a longing for] inexhaustible ecstasy . " it 's all the more poignant on this album because of its being interwoven with themes of terror , paranoia and a sense of unrecoverable loss of something without which life is n't worth living . it sounds hokey , but just opening up the booklet while listening to " her face forms in summertime " and reading the scrawled message " things are getting f* &ked up round here " makes my eyes a little watery . my cd developed a 2 second glitch and i just ordered another one- -this is so incredible that nothing less than perfection will do . just a few points of note : if you 're wondering why you spent all that money on your two channel stereo and you have n't heard this album yet , pick it up and turn it up . i 've heard recordings with more bottom end and slam , but none with more depth , nuance and musicality . i 've also found that one of the true tests of a masterpiece is whether it 's possible to really enjoy listening to anything else after its over . play coltrane 's " ascension , " beethoven 's string quartet in a minor op. 132 , or bruckner 's ninth and see what i mean . i played dead cities last night and everything to which i tried to listen sounded hopelessly trivial afterwards . in the early 80s , a lot of my friends used to speak of the clash as " the only band that mattered . " at the time , i did n't think any band had mattered all that much since ' 72. to my now-much-older ears , fsol fits that description more accurately than any band to the last 35 years , and this is probably their best work ( every single one of them is a desert island disc , however ) . one of the very few utterly timeless classics of modern music , and a record that belongs in the collection of anyone with ears . 
music pos 758.txt if you want a feel good , come home from work and forget your day cd you found it her 
camera neg 885.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
dvd neg 534.txt this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this " score " was " written " , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition . 
music neg 108.txt any group that is so lacking in imagination that it has to steal as unusual and distinctive a song title as " boulevard of broken dreams " ( a 1934 hit song ) deserves to be ridiculed , not rewarded with a grammy . i 'm just full of original ideas . i ca n't decide whether to write a song called " wake me up before you go-go " or " grandma got run over by a reindeer " - or maybe " do you know the way to san jose " ? 
camera neg 821.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
dvd neg 821.txt i purchased this dvd and i was shocked to see the terrible violence and gore . especially on innocent animals . i would n't recommend this dvd to the faint of heart . especially to persons under 18. this was certainly a bad choice of purchase on my part 
software neg 341.txt purchased this software because i got a deal with a special price break . i have a very small business , so a purchase of several hundred dollars needs to pay back quickly . the set up took a lot longer than i had anticipated . the customer service was no help - could n't answer my questions . i ended up spending 6 hours to get everything right - another day wasted . i 've got myself stuck with this now and will use for a few months since i 've spent the money , but i 'm going to look for alternatives in the meantime . if this is " quick books , " i need to find " lightning fast " books somewhere 
books neg 503.txt i was disappointed in this book . the art and techniques illustrated are of the type one might expect to see on a tv craft show . i would instead recomment robert wade 's watercolor book . 
camera neg 404.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
health neg 954.txt this cannot be the real thing . the scent does n't last 5 minutes . what a waste of $50.00. i am so disappointed . 
books pos 784.txt moral consciousness and communicative action is the primary anglophone source for habermas 's writings on & quot ; discourse ethics . &quot ; written in the early eighties , this translation , which was published in 1990 , provides a developmental perspective . the focus of the essays moves from habermas 's statements about the role of philosophy today , in & quot ; philosophy as stand-in and interpeter , to his writing on reconstructive social science in general , to his program for a discourse ethics in particular . the final papers address criticisms of this program . the volume suffers a bit from the fact that thomas mccarthy 's introduction is keen to locate habermas 's position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints , but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the broader canvas of habermas 's overarching social-theoretic project 
camera pos 513.txt he adquirido este flash para completar mi cmara evolt e-500 y considero que es la combinacin perfecta . se requieren de conocimientos adicionales de iluminacin y fotografa para obtener las mayores prestaciones que ofrecen ambos equipos . altamente recomendado 
dvd neg 875.txt anything having to do with paris hilton is doomed to be garbage . the premise of the story is trite and in the end leaves the audience wondering " whaaaaa " . the only person not to die is scottish and that 's the only reason why he didnt ; because he 's scottish . what ? ? ? ? ? sick plot , dumb characters overall dulllll . how many movies will they make with " a group of friends in a secluded castle " yes i borrowed the movie which is great compared to paying $20.00 for the dvd and wasting my money and time watching it . yawwwwwwwwwwn ! ! 
dvd neg 596.txt terrible movie.. . i really like denzel washington as an actor but in this movie it was very dissapointing.. . he is much better when he plays to be a good person that fights for justice and what is right 
health pos 415.txt i think it nice for me , make my eyes relax after long-time working before computer 
health pos 353.txt i ordered one of these for my girlfriend and she loves it . friends and family have tried it and are thrilled . this product will make holiday shopping easy for several women on my list 
health neg 67.txt i am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging " palm kernel oil " as an ingredient . do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated ! ! no matter how many " organic " things are added to it . for many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . the world health organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases . 
health neg 663.txt plain and simple i 'm 32 years old and been dianosed with hbp since 15 years old . i 'm on three medication for hbp . i order this then i wait for it to come . i jjust happen to go to the doctor today , he takes my pressure and tells me its 113 / 100. when i arrive home one hour later , the device is waiting for me . i plug it up and it tells me my pressure is 101 / 75. sending the unit back 
music neg 527.txt this soundtrack does not have all the songs in it from the movie . i was looking for two from the movie , and the soundtrack did not have them . like , a song by michelle branch that is in the movie is not in there . bo 
software pos 627.txt well if you are you will love this game ! i recommend it to anyone who loves the show ! fun game-easy to use interface . i say go get your copy now ! ! 
software pos 922.txt i was amazed how colorful the graphics are in this game . my 6 year took right to it and played it for 2 hours the first sitting . she mastered level 2 pretty easy and is on to level 3. our computer runs windows and we have had no problems . this is a great game to buy for the summer to keep kids up to speed between k and 1st grade 
dvd neg 200.txt this film is among the worst , most pointless , and most inane garbage that i 've ever had the misfortune to view . contrary to popular belief the alien was not cute he was creepy ! the little boy was extremely annoying , and his relationship with the alien made me ill ! actually it made me more than ill , it was down right disturbing ! his bond with the alien was one of the most freeky thing i have ever had to witness , and the kids family was just obnoixious . by the time the alien go home no one really cares anymore . you are just relieved that the film is finally over . watch it only to say that you 've seen this . 
camera pos 869.txt i bought this camera around the beginning of july and have used it several times already . i 've upgrade from a nikon coolpix 3200 to this one due to smaller , sleaker size and more megapixels . this camera takes excellent pictures , in broad daylight as well as in the dark . red eye reduction is wonderful , however the flash does go off about 4 or 5 times . it 's not broken.. . it 's supposed to do that for everybody who thinks their camera has a glitch . overall , i think this was definitely a good buy and am looking forward to taking the camera on vacation ! 
health pos 742.txt i am so happy with aquasana shower filter . i live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored . as a consequence , my skin shortly turned dry and i continuously got skin problems . i even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday . now that i have found aquasana , i feel so happy . it does what it promises . i could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time . and it did feel like showering in natural spring water . i could n't be happier with this product 
health neg 501.txt we already owned a different homedics sound machine and it 's far better than this one . the volume control does n't work well at all on this machine ; either far too low or way too loud and there was lots of static , no matter where we used the machine . the product seemed very flimsy as well . we ended up returning it and will spend more for a better machine 
health neg 288.txt i ordered two of these heating pads and paid more because it looked like they have a better cover , instead of the usual cheap cotton cloth cover that looks like a rag after being washed once ... well , they do have a different cover , but the listing on amazon did n't say that the pads shut-off after one hour . i am capable of turning off a heating pad by myself , and do n't need / want any auto shutoff . these two heating pads are going right back . i can get the regular heating pads that do n't have auto shutoff down at the the local discount store for half the price 
software neg 198.txt i am extremelly disappointed with roxio , the makers of cd creators ; especailly easy cd creator 5. i purchased easy cd creator 5 , sometime back from an affiliate of amazon.com . it was dispatched promptly and in very good condition . i installed it on my computer running windows 98. after some initial problmes it was running fine . a few days back i installed windows xp professional on my computer , and i got a message that the cd creator was not compatible with this version of windows . it hinted to contact roxio . i tried contact roxio with the help of the link , but found it impossible to send them my message . they have an automated " roxann " that is so difficult to understand . next they invite you to a " webticket " and you are supposed to mention your problem on it . but when you submit your query or complain , nothing happens . the site just stares at you dumbly ! ! there is no way to obtain roxio 's mailing address either . so now i am stuck with this " easy cd creator 5 " with no help from roxio ? 
books neg 978.txt & quot ; our attention is the most precious resource we have , & quot ; says shenk . well...i 'm not sure everyone would agree . but this is the way he would like to slice the whole matter of information technology , the media , etc. , etc. , and that 's fine . shenk 's standpoint is amazingly isolated and will make sense only to an elite ensconced in the same high fallutin ' mix of punditry / technology / leisure time he is . information overload , or & quot ; data smog&quot ; as the author terms it , is certainly a relevant and important area to explore , but shenk , in is privileged world , really ca n't nail down what might be so detrimental about it . his examples illustrate just how removed his is from the vast majority of american society : minute-by-minute news reports diluting the quality of info and the ability to sort it , not feeling so apt to respond to your friends ' email because you get too much , the end of patience ? as he represents it in & quot ; the end of patience , & quot ; data smog really ai n't no big woop- -it 's just some tacks on the erogomic seats of a pampered minority into which shenk seems to fit . where 's the politics , i wonder ? how does this trivia fit into the lives of middle americans or working people ? to the point , shenk might benefit from a step or two away from his computer . rubbing shoulders with the common folk might hip him to serious problems like acne or monday night football 
music pos 539.txt i assume you already know what 's on this recording or you would n't be here , right ? do n't you probably have a thirty-year-or-so old vinyl copy of this that you have n't listened to for years because it 's dusty and has scratches and pops and who listens to that stuff anymore anyway ? well , i wo n't review the music here because others have done better than i would , but i will say that listening to this remaster through a high quality set of headphones ( sennheiser ) has enabled me to hear this as if it were the first time . it 's totally worth the money to get this new version , and the bonus tracks just make it even more fun . 
health pos 414.txt although the compartments seem small , you can fit lots of food into this bowl . it 's divided into about 4 or 5 sections , so you can separate your veggies , meat , etc. the only thing that bummed me out was the ice pack - the frozen gel expanded on the inside and caused the container to break : ( so , i use it to store food in the fridge . i have all of the other fit & fresh containers and none of the ice packs on those have broken . 
books neg 623.txt there is one thing that every cookbook author can learn from how to cook without a book : recipes and techniques every cook should know by heart , by pam anderson ( not the big-breasted one ) , and that is the art of the highly marketable title . for starters , this artful moniker really plays on the single gal 's fears about never being able to put together nutritious , attractive , varied , affordable , and delicious meals for her future family every single night of the week . you want your kids to be armed with more than some simple carbohydrates when you send them off into the big bad world . so the plus side of this book is the title . that 's where it ends . the big idea here is to help the reader become a non-cookbook-consulting cook by : a ) teaching basic cooking techniques that are conducive to variation , and b ) suggesting mnemonic devices for said cooking techniques . sounds interesting so far , right ? well , the problem is that almost all the recipes rely on " canned low-sodium chicken broth " , which i think is a bit of a weird ingredient . it 's even included in the salad dressings . other big hitters include : heavy cream , butter , and sour cream . do people really eat like this ? regularly ? why not make the easy fruit parfaits for a quick and sweet ending to your meal ? just take a tall glass , drop in a few spoonfuls of sour cream , then a few spoonfuls of brown sugar , and some berries . repeat until the glass is filled . crikey . sour cream , brown sugar , and berries ? ! ? would n't it be just as easy to put the berries in yoghurt sweetened with a little squirt of greek honey ? am i totally off base thinking that this sounds much more appetizing ? or , if calories are no object anyway , why not pick up some baskin robbins ' rocky road on the way home from work ? that 's easy and it 's worth the internal havoc it will cause . oh , and here 's a sample mnemonic device that i ca n't not share , it 's that good : " cook tender vegetables with garlic and oil , then toss in some pasta that 's fresh from the boil . " pure genius , right ? right . in a way , the author was right - i can cook all these things without a book . but why would i want to 
music pos 454.txt the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic ! 
books neg 610.txt the novel , a northern light , by jennifer donnelly , is a very realistic portrayal of the life of a teenage farm girl , bound for a great future . jennifer donnelly relates to mattie gokey , the lead character , in a way that they bother grew up in rural side of new york . donnelly attended the university of rochester before she wrote her three novels and one children 's book . her novels include , the tea rose , the winter rose , a northern light , and a children 's book , humble pie . all of her novels include a very popular romantic theme and her book , a northern light , has also been introduced in europe under the title a gathering light . a northern light reflects a lot on the issues of wealth , education , love , and murder . the combination of those themes makes for a novel that anyone is able to read and relate to . as you read this book , you feel like the main message is the traditional clich of following your dreams no matter how hard they are to achieve . but as you read further , you realize that it 's a lot about hardships , strength and love . on the first page of the book , mattie is imagining a perfect day at the glenmore hotel before she so disappointingly tells herself , " i believe these things . with all my heart . for i am good at telling myself lies " . from this quote , you can see the type of person mattie is , and it gives a foreshadowing to the events that would take place throughout the novel . the events typically consist of let down after let down for mattie and her hopes for her future . this book is written from mattie 's point of view which really helps the reader to get to know her better . it adds a different element to the book that would n't be there if it was n't written from mattie 's point of view . it lets you get inside mattie 's head and feel the emotions that she 's dealing with along with her true thoughts and feeling towards situations . mattie is truly troubled girl who works so hard toward what she wants and yet there is always something holding her back . she 's stuck in a farming town where education is n't as important as having a prosperous farm and a family . as you read this book , you just want to tell mattie that she needs to take her own future into consideration and stop worrying long enough to have some faith . she is a selfless giver who is willing to do anything and everything to keep her family and her farm doing well . she deals with extreme guilt for wanting to leave her father after her mother died . she has to learn that the promise that she made to her mother to always take care of her family includes taking care of herself as well . royal loomis enters mattie 's life at a very unconventional time when mattie 's unsure of what she wants to become and she has to chose between his love and the life she 's always wanted . mattie deals with her teacher , miss wilcox , leaving town . miss wilcox was mattie 's role model who was living the life of an independent poet with a car and a royal lifestyle . the life mattie wants . this book is intended for a female audience because it deals with issues that sometime only a girl could understand . it 's a fairly easy read so it is more for adolescents than adults but not for young children . the issues that it deals with are issues that children may not be able to appreciate as much as teenagers who are about to go to college and leave their families . a northern light is full of valuable lessons , but most of all it 's just a good book to get lost in . 
camera neg 993.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! ! 
books neg 923.txt by chance before picking this up i had just finished the heart is a lonely hunter by carson mccullers , and was struck by the similarities and differences . it 's a great " compare and contrast " pair , as an exercise for high-schoolers . both are written as first-person accounts by teen-aged girls and are roughly contemporary . heart published in 1940 , and castle in 1948 , both about life in the 30s . both families are poor . in castle though , there is never any question that the girls might go off and get jobs . this is supposedly because they " do n't know how to do anything " . so instead they sell off their belongings and get by on scraps of bread and the odd bit of butter . how charming ! they are " eccentric " , which seems enough in the author 's eyes to exempt them from the expectation of supporting themselves . only stephen the handsome young son of the late housekeeper , enamored of cassandra , does work and gives the family his entire salary . but he is of the class that is expected to toil after all . even he is rewarded in the end- -able to avoid labor with an easy job similar to that of step-mum topaz- -striking poses . unlike the looming and grinding poverty of heart then , the poverty in the castle never amounts to more than a lark- -educated folks playing at being poor until they 're rescued by romantic circumstance . not so in america where mick kelly , who did n't know how to do anything either , went off to work at woolworth 's , and to a life of little hope . in castle the solution comes in the form of that classic deus ex machina , the inheritance . two dashing young wealthy americans one of whom has inherited the castle , show up just in time , with their chatty modern mum . they throw money around and talk too much , in the cliched extravagant american style . most of the remainder of the novel consists of cassandra and her sister rose swooning over one brother or the other , with an eventual romantic result that assures all the characters of economic well being . it 's all so very charming , bourgeois , and harmless . if your life is hard do n't worry- -a man will show up to rescue you ! the reviews for this novel in amazon are overwhelmingly positive . smith was obviously talented . her writing is elegant and a pleasure to read . i wish she had given cassandra a little more ambition . 
books neg 637.txt do n't bother buying ' the wonder of girls , borrow it from a friend cause it will only make a turn around the office with many a snicker.i could n't think of a girl i grew up with including myself who needed constant reassurance or had more trouble with math than boys.i agree with the other review about we grow our own brains and make connections.infact , research shows if you give any child a chance at spatial tasks , the child improves.girls often are given dolls . , so how can a girl develope spatial ability playing with a doll ? go fig ! gurian does n't tell the reader anything about experience and environment ~ instead he is vocal about fixed brain function which of course leaves a child in a narrow subgroup.girls are all lumped into one.i would n't let your daughter read this book , ' it might give her a bad case of low self~esteem and leave her wondering about herself as a woman.gurian wants women in second place at best.teach your daughter to believe in herself not some pop psychology from a questionable author bent on messing with her success 
dvd neg 944.txt really not worth the effort to find it , even if george macdonald fraser was involved with the screenplay . the producers chose the " least best " of the flashman novels to adapt , they cast the wrong actor to play the role , and they reduced the whole story to a bawdy , not-very-funny , slapstick comedy . do n't bother searching for it . true flashman fans will be disappointed 
health neg 922.txt title says it all - it simply does not work , yes it turns and trims a hair here and there , but i would not purchase this again . i am happy with my other wahl product 
books neg 147.txt this book is unfortunately not up to par for kay hooper . her normal suspense is missing and you would have to be psychic to know who the murderer is ( there is n't a single clue at any point in time ) . the heroine keeps loosing her memory , so you do n't even have the usual good characterizations of hero & heroine ( since she ca n't even remember much about herself , much less him ) . if you like kay go ahead and read it , but i hope the next one is back up to her usual high standard 
software pos 629.txt this dvd-rom game is so interesting and there are even some questions that i do n't know after watching every episode numerous times . i highly recommend this for friends fans of all ages , regardless of whether or not you have seen every episode . also , i love that the game can be played by only one person , for those nights that you find yourself alone and want a few friends to keep you company 
software neg 751.txt my son had an earlier version of math blaster , it was wonderful . i saw this new version and expected more of the same . wrong ! ! after 10 minutes of loud sounds , and pulsing video , he was complaining . it was impossible to focus on what he should do with all the distracting background stuff . never could get to a point where learning might take place . wish i could get my money back . after this disaster , we purchased mia 's math adventure . this was more in tune with the first math blaster . 
dvd pos 966.txt david lean 's " the bridge on the river kwai " like jean renoir 's " grand illusion " is an anti-heroic war film , set in a prisoner of war camp environment.. . but there , the point of resemblance came to an end.. . " the bridge on the river kwai " is an adventure film in which the nature of world war ii is explored.. . and if in " grand illusion " the characters were described by a great artist who treasures their common humanity , in " the bridge on the river kwai " they are forced to carry out their destinies by an officer who cannot bear to see his bridge blown up.. . escape is almost impossible from the japanese camp located near the kwai river in burma.. . the prisoners are badly treated by cruel guards.. . the camp commander is a rigid psychopath.. . conditions are hard to bear.. . psychological state of the war british prisoners in constant alteration.. . into the presumptuous situation comes colonel nicholson ( alec guinness in a fascinating performance ) , a strict , serene , dedicated british officer , deeply concerned for the welfare of his men.. . nicholson is under severe pressure from the stubborn japanese colonel saito ( sessue hayakawa ) for insisting on his attachment to the geneva convention and refusing to allow his officers to be used on the construction of the strategic bridge.. . nichilson survives the oppressive punishment imposed on him , but his obsession has risen to near-madness.. . he agrees to help the japanese build their bridge , and in his determination to find victory in defeat , he ignores that the bridge , which he insists must be a ' proper bridge , ' will serve the japanese objectives against the british troops.. . in addition to the powerful rules of a prison camp picture , captors against captives and an interesting moral respect to a military code , a third element , in the story , is introduced : a small commando team led by major warden ( jack hawkins ) and an american sailor ( william holden ) whose mission is to destroy the strategic bridge. . the film leads swiftly to a suspenseful climax : a japanese train and a commando force directed to a same goal , the brige of the river kwai.. . each character , in the motion picture , has a valid reason for what he is doing , and each elaborates a relationship to the bridge revealed to be obsession and insane.. . " the bridge on the river kwai " hits with ' war ' in a compelling logic of events , the indulgence of self-destruction . with a great visual beauty and terrific whistling tune march , " the bridge on the river kwai " is a great dramatic entertainment of the wills of men.. . 
music pos 641.txt this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it 
health neg 222.txt i received this tweezer for christmas , so i 'm glad i did n't spend anything for it because it 's not even worth 50 cents . the tweezer portion does not grip on to any hairs . it 's a piece of crap as far as i 'm concerned . do not bother purchasing this product , if you do , you 'll regret it 
software pos 272.txt i love this product , but i wish i could see all floors put together as completed home in 3d view . 
health pos 992.txt i have a severe dry eye problem and i found in internet that a humidifier may help . i bought big one for home and personal for work . it 's been 2 days and it 's working fine 
music neg 215.txt not exactly the " vaults " blowing open , as stated in the promo . these are mostly leftovers and one-offs from the late 1990s , when the group was on hiatus from serious recording . that 's why the set is overloaded with forgettable jingles from television shows , literary journals and graphic design firms . whats good is the material that was recorded for albums and subsequently rejected , such as " reprehensible " , " rest awhile " and " certain people i could name " . but there are too few of these real songs , and they 'd have fit a lot better on that long-awaited b-sides collection from their major label career 
music neg 149.txt why are they butchering pac 's songs like this . i advise anyone to get the bootlegs over this album . the original ghetto gospel and loyal to the game are 2 of my favorite pac songs but the one 's on here are painful to listen to . afeni should have let dj quik , daz , and whoever else that worked with pac do this album . they should have just digitally remastered the bootlegs . this started with still i rise to until the end of time to better dayz and the quality has been going down and down and they hit rock bottom with this one . the 2 stars is 1 because it is pac and another for the song uppercut . the most obvious butcher job is black cotton where em chose a fast beat and you could tell he is trying to speed up pac 's rhyme . i hope they do better with this last album due out this year 
dvd neg 397.txt i found this movie to be almost unwatchable . if your idea of a good time is watching henry gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes , then this movie is for you . the three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it . altman can pull off such greats as " mash " and " godsford park " and then stink up the joint with this . what 's up with that 
camera pos 155.txt easy , fast and serius tool , for cleaning your optics . the easy use is discribe in the manual that is very clear to understand . cleaning is fast with the nikon lens pen , cuase it has the necesary to do the job well done , as any profesional tool . now i have 2 of them , for my two camera bags . 
music neg 579.txt i played several samples of this cd on my computer while visiting the amazon website and my male cat started meowing along . this cd is good for calming a cat and lining his box . face it , yoko ca n't sing ( unless you have a cat 's ears . ) 
books neg 514.txt i worked with the author in the narcotics section of the chicago police department . please do not let the author 's perception of the truth sway your opinion about the chicago police department and the men and women who serve proudly . the author claims that the narcotics section and its policies were a leading contributor to his decline . i think not . he thrived on these practices and used them to his advantage . all we saw was a selfish and immature young man who thought of himself first . if the author thinks that only the commander of the narcotics section was disgusted with his drug usage and failing his urinalysis , he is dead wrong . we all were . if you read this book , please do not indict all of us because of one person 's jaded stories . 
camera pos 598.txt solidly built , this tripod balances well even when used with the heavier sony cybershots like the dsc-r1. the remote shuttle release button helps to further reduce camera shake , which is priceless when taking photos in conditions where camera shake is amplified ( high optical zoom , supressed flash , etc ) . what surprises me is the fact that the shuttle release button on the remote works exactly the same as any sony cybershot : press halfway to focus , and all the way down to capture the shot . the zooming buttons do not work for the sony dsc-r1 as the camera has a manual zooming ring , but they should work fine with any other cybershot that comes with an electronic zoom and of course , an acc terminal . highly recommended . 
camera neg 111.txt i received the remote this evening and have not been able to get the remote to work with my canon rebel xt camera . followed the directions that were furnished with the remote to no avail . it appears that this remote is defective 
books neg 370.txt i see where this would be appealing to sum . i just never " got it " . oh well . 
camera pos 432.txt i bought this for my mother-in-law who is in her 80s and set it up for her . it 's quite easy if you 're already computer literate , and the controls are very user friendly as well . the software could use a few tweaks to make it not look so basic , but for someone like my mother-in-law , it works well . wish i had a docking station for my nikon . 
books neg 708.txt ...if you 're in the bathroom with time on your hands ! i must admit that i did finish this book and was glad that the ordeal was over . puzo ( like leon uris ) definitely lost the touch near the end of his career and this book is no exception . in just a few hundred pages , president kennedy ii is shown as a tyrant , a socialist , a reactionary , a humanitarian , a political bumbler , a visionary of usa utopia , a man who would kill a few thousand citizens to save himself from impeachment , a liar who can beat the ultimate lie detector , a dear and loving husband / father , etc....how many characters must one man be ? and what 's this odd sub-plot of a former-mormon / hollywood oddball who on a whim ( in less than 10 seconds of consideration when the opportunity presents itself ) decides to kill the president of the united states . once again another character with fourteen different personalities ! . puzo even got his basic facts wrong about the mormons ( he should have stuck with the catholic church ) . i would hate to be washed up on a deserted island and find this book washed up on the shore next to me ! i would go crazy reading it again 
books neg 733.txt this poorly executed story drags on for too long while the town waits for the return of sister north . in the end , we really do n't care if she ever returns . the ending is cliched and predictable . a waste of time 
dvd neg 662.txt the first time i put this workout dvd on , i expected to see exercises designed for abs , buns and thighs . what i actually saw was an easier version of the kickboxing dvd . i kept going , thinking it would get to the abs , buns and thighs , but it never did ! the other huge problem with this video is that half of it is filmed from the waist up , or headshots only , so when you are being introduced to a new step in the routine , you ca n't even learn it , because you cannot see the instructors legs or feet . also very irritating how there are interruptions in filming , picking up on a different beat to where it left off . all in all an awful purchase and not even worth the $4.86 paid . i turned it off halfway through the second workout and put billy blanks taebo on instead . much better ! ! ! 
health pos 604.txt this is exactly what i wanted- -the last 1 i bought is over 10 yrs old and still going- -i was afraid each day it would go out and could not find a replacement anywhere- --you are a life- -i mean , hair saver ! ! diane in texa 
dvd neg 644.txt so i finally rented this tripe as i was curious . gee , making fun of former soviet block nations / people and rednecks. . now there 's some seriously funny stuff..not ! what 's next ? a cutting edge comedy on the rap culture ? ..oops , he already did this with the ali g show . gross out potty humour , now that 's inventive and we 've never seen that before ! i also like the lame-o attempt to show how americans are all anti semitic by putting words into the mouths of those trying to sell him something . these are your imagined demons / foes sacha and overall your film is pretty boring and about as fresh as a yakov smirnoff comedy bit 
music pos 604.txt sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j 
music neg 391.txt i have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . i find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . i have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . miles davis , dave brubeck , kenny burrell , grant green , cannonball adderley , stan getz , chet baker , wes montgomery , bill evans and thelonius monk to name a few . this guy is by far my least favorite . his playing on miles davis cd 's i have and with monk is largely enjoyable and i know he 's a giant . but this stuff ? . the live recording on disc two was so grating i could n't make it through . it sounded to me like a bunch of geese being slaughtered . give me the other guys anytime 
camera pos 129.txt i am certainly happy i bought this filter kit . for a starting photographer , the price was right , and i have not noticed any quality issues . the uv filter stays on a lens at all times , as it 's cheaper to replace the filter , than it is to have a scratched lens element repaired . the light polarizer is very handy , and also works very well , cutting down greatly on glare . i have not yet had the occasion to use the warming filter yet . the filter case is a nice extra , it fits right in my camera bag , and is out of the way untill i need it 
books pos 525.txt this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same 
software pos 887.txt very good it does what i want and more . now to get more training on doing more with this produc 
health neg 790.txt i bought this apple humidifier in early november . it stopped working soon at the first time i used it . i later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again . you have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working . i contacted the manufacturer and got replacement . however , the new one has the same problem , and what 's worse , it leaks ! ! i talked to the manufacturer again , but they did n't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else . now i have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do 
music neg 607.txt hey folks , this is brilliant and all , like the articles say , but what they do n't mention is that it 's impossible to listen to . there are no verses , choruses , or even beats to speak of . there are no songs . it 's just a sound collage or something , from start to finish . the booklet prints lyrics but i could n't find ' em . this music is too brilliant for its own good . and you can forget about using it as party or background music . jdub 's other offerings are much better 
music neg 309.txt apart from the great selection of soundtracks , what really makes this compilation top value is the quality of the sound processing . executed with finesse , these tracks sound better than when first issued and many are unedited , fuller versions : like " singing in the rain " , for example . throw in the great price , and this double disc set is a " must have " for all lovers of classic movie music 
camera pos 39.txt hoods offer several benefits to the photographer . primarily the hood shades the lens from stray light that may result in an unwanted discoloration or hazing of the image , or the appearance of lens flare . shading your lens helps improve contrast and image quality . a hood is not required to eliminate these problems , as any item used to shade the lens will provide the same protection from stray light . the hood is convenient in that it is built to offer protection while ensuring that it will not inadvertently find its way into your image . photographers often state the protective abilities of a hood as a reason to have one . this hood being a solid petal shaped offers limited protection from keeping moisture and wind blown debris off the from lens element . when in place , the hood can protect the lens from impacting solid objects . being shallow and petal shaped , this type of protection is also limited . even if the protection is limited , replacing a damaged hood is usually cheaper than repairing the lens and easier to replace . this hood is manufactured for the canon 28-135mm f / 3.5-5.6 is ef and normally is not included with the lens when sold new . amazon often suggests purchasing one with your lens , and is worth considering . since the hood is wider than the lens ; it can easily be stored attached in a reverse position . this does n't add to the length of the lens , but does make it wider by about an inch . an inch may not seem like a lot , but in a tightly packed camera bag , it is huge . this lens itself is n't unusually wide so the extra inch may not be a problem . while the protective benefits exist , they are secondary and limited . i find the impact the hood has on my image quality to be the more convincing reason to use a hood . considering the impact on image quality and the low cost as compared to my other camera equipment ( except for a lens case ) , purchasing a hood is money well spent . pros : improves contrast and image quality reduces lens flare problems offers limited protection to the lens cons : takes up more space in your camera bag to store with the lens 
health pos 602.txt looking for something small and portable ? this is perfec 
camera neg 647.txt i purchased , through work , the powershot s70 in july of 2005. i 've always owned nikon products personally , but the features for the price of the s70 swayed me away from my usual nikon brand loyalty . in the 12 months i 've had the s70 , it 's been sent to the factory twice for repairs- -the second time was just 6 days before the warranty expired . the first time it was sent in was because the lens door failed to turn on the camera and it was almost to come off of its track . eight months later , the flash quit working in all modes and the door was failing again ! the flash and door problem occurred while i was in yosemite np , so you can imagine the disappointment in being in a place like that with a camera that is only half functioning . now , the warranty is expired and i hold my breath every time i slide the lens door open . i have no faith in the canon s70 and have lost a lot faith in canon products as a whole . the only bright side of this experience is that the factory repairs were completed within 2-3 weeks , which i thought was fast for warranty work 
music neg 396.txt nothing like eon . eon is the one . this was a hack sequel with no guts . very dissapointing 
dvd pos 981.txt this is a terrific tour of hawaii . the photography is incredible and it shows hawaii 's breathtaking scenery including beautiful beaches on oahu and maui , mt. haleakala and waimea canyon . the music 's great and the narration includes lots of travel tips as you 're completely immersed in a hawaiian vacation - volcanoes , exciting nightlife , surfing , scuba dives and hulas that " were so alluring that the missionaries banned them " . the only person who would not like this dvd simply does n't want to unwind and relax during this fascinating travel guide . after you see this you 'll want to explore this paradise yourself and this dvd will help you plan your trip or your honeymoon 
dvd pos 907.txt this movie is intimate and special . some reviews say it is the story of obsession , of fetishism , of trivial things . however , this movie is the story of something special in a young teenage boy 's life : his fantasy woman . the character malena rarely speaks throughout the movie , but we see her exactly how we are supposed to see her - through the eyes of an old man telling the story of himself in young " love " . this perspective makes her ideal and special , with few flaws , as a fantasy woman is to a young man . malena is instantly a likeable character , not awful and disgusting like those using her . we cannot forget that our narrator , renato , is not actually a teenage boy but an older man telling his own story . therefore , he is unreliable as a narrator . malena 's sins are washed clean through his judgement , and we believe him when we see her victimized by the other women . however , renato has had years to think about everything , to contemplate what really happened to her . so , in the end , the people who use her are completely despicable , unable to garner any liking . of course , she is a victim , but she eventually falls into the gossip that others believe she is guilty of with the men . the movie does offer a hint that she could have escaped all of the problems : she is from another city and her husband , for most of the movie , is dead . yet , she chooses to not escape but to stay , and her fate is sealed . the music in the movie was nominated for best score in 2000 , and it is beautiful , emotional . it truly adds to the feeling of the movie . i would recommend this movie to anyone for the compelling story , emotion , and characters . you will never forget this movie . 
books neg 599.txt i was interested in dante 's thoughts on hell , religion , and the afterlife as taught by the catholic church at the time of its writing . what i got was a detailed political history of medieval italy . this book is great for the first few chapters , but then it becomes a repetitive saga . synopsis of the each chapter of the inferno : go to next layer of hell ; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there ; make fun of some political opponents , catholic church officials , and so forth ; prepare for further descent . in my opinion , this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell . canto three pretty much has it right... . ' leave all hope , ye that enter 
music neg 150.txt come on . i cannot play these dual discs in my car nor any regular cd players . j&mc are excellent though 
books pos 527.txt explodes upon the crime-detective scene . the hundreth man , his first book was excellent and the death collectors is as good and even better . ca n't wait for the next one ! why this is an amazon sale item befuddles me . but since it is , grab this bargain while you can because it is a terrific novel ! the psit team of lapd , carson ryder and harry nautilus are faced with a dual-time mystery . more than 30 years in the past , a serial killer with a following of mesmerized women who adore him , is killed in the courtroom the day he is sentenced . and now ; starting with the grizzly find of a murdered prostitute in a seedy motel room...it seems as though the serial killer has risen from the dead to continue his reign of terror . each time a new murder surfaces the killer is a step ahead and just out of reach of carson and harry . the touch of subtle humor adds bas-relief without taking anything away from the thread of the story and lightens it tension for brief seconds at a time.perfect ! the murders are freakish ! disgusting ! brutal ! but the two psit detectives refuse to give up and what finally unravels the twisted cloth of this old / new mystery will knock you out of your chair . a truly masterfully plotted novel with two familiar and charismatic ' partners against crime' . a series to follow and enjoy . get both of kerley 's books and double your pleasure ! try them , you 'll like them and you 'll love jack kerley . i promise ! ! 
software neg 144.txt attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003... bad move.. . none of my access 97 programs work now.. . in fact i , i brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions.. . nope.. . the upgrade just did n't work.....had to purchase a full version to set things right.. . save your money on this product. . 
books neg 615.txt please be aware that this book contains very explicit information about every topic of sexual nature . read this book yourself before giving it to your child . it discusses oral sex , anal sex , how to use and purchase condoms , masturbation ( for girls and boys ) , etc. when the author discusses exploring your own sexuality , she says that if she had known about masturbating sooner she would have straighter teeth , as she would have stopped sucking her thumb . the cover of this book gives no clue to the depth of information covered within . it is in no way appropriate for a girl under the age of twelve . for many parents even the age of twelve would be inappropriate 
books pos 671.txt leonaur ltd. is publishing the definitive edgar rice burroughs 21st century editions . these usually contain 2 books of the different erb major series in order - thus far john carter , pellucidar , and carson of venus . in the future , possibly tarzan ! these books are handsome and my rating is mainly based on this - the erb fan knows best about the rest of it . this first volume of joh carter of mars contains 2 / 3 of the greatest science fiction / fantasy trilogy ever . what is nore remarkable is that these were published over 40 years before tolkien 's lotr and over 50 before tolkien became fashionable . " a princess of mars " , " the gods of mars " , and " the warlord of mars " are erb 's greatest work . it is sad , in a way , that tarzan obscures erbs mars novels for the general public . these books deserve to be beter known , and it is astonishing no movie or tv adaptation has ever been attempted ( which might be a good thing , after all ! ) . if only steven spielberg or peter jackson were interested ! of course , genre and erb aficionados have long know and cherised these great stories . i wonder how many others were first attracted to these by the magnificent ballantine editions of the 1960s ? if you are a fan as am i , support leonaur ltd. 's efforts by buying these magnificent books . 
dvd pos 848.txt i 'm very very picky about my action movies and this one is worth the trouble . story line shmory line , this is an action movie . i watch my action movies for action not a lesson in philosophy and religion . kind of a heartbreaking movie , though , because he 's dead no matter what . the man ca n't sleep or he slips in a coma . going out with a bang with a freefall from a helicopter telling his woman how much he loved her.. . that 's a film . you wo n't regret owning this , i promise you . p.s. it is very possible that the negative reviewers are crackbabies . that is all 
health neg 375.txt the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : ) 
dvd pos 26.txt our one year old loves this one , and so do i . the music is wonderful . the creative incorporation of vivaldi 's four seasons and monet 's masterpieces are entertaining and educational . the children , little puppets and sequences with toys and nature makes this interesting for our child . we watch this one most of all the baby einstein 's that we have . 
books neg 940.txt i am a fan of tanya huff and the series of books with henry and victoria . but this one is not it . while henry is there he is such a minor character . the main character is tony foster a homosexual street kid who tanya should have left on the street . i was totally bored and read the book through because i was hoping it would get better , then i was happy when it was over . the plot idea was great , but it was not developed well and left me wanting for something more . i was expecting henry to be a major player like he was with victoria , but no , he is relegated to tony 's homosexual vampire lover who helps tony out . disappointing . dull . i wo n't read the rest of this series , the tony foster series . hey , tanya , how about a series of henry fitzroy , i would read that 
music pos 302.txt in the early 60 's etta james was to r&amp ; b what patsy cline was to country . she could cross over and yet remain true to her roots , and that 's only one part of a nearly 50 year career ! from the velvety cross over soul of & quot ; at last&quot ; to the hard driving memphis soul of & quot ; tell mama&quot ; , this is one legend who certainly deserves a wider audience than she has today . she ranks right up with aretha franklin as an influential vocalist . i took far too many years to discover her power . if you have n't given her a serious look yet , stop wasting time and begin here 
dvd neg 263.txt i loved what the bleep ? and i specifically wanted to learn more about ' creating your day' . this video teaches nothing about how to create your day - nothing . it 's just ramtha ( jz knight ) talking about the fact that you can create your day . i heard you in the movie ! i bought this to give me some additional insights into how to create my day . it does not teach any how whatsoever . do not buy this video ! buy " the secret " @ thesecret.tv . buy " the attractor factor " by joe vitale . buy " wealth beyond reason " by bob doyle . do not buy this video 
dvd neg 537.txt i find it almost incomprehensible in this more enlightened technological age that there are a very limited amount of your subscribers who are concerned about the appaling presentation of all but two of these movies and i also wonder as more and more older movies are being re-released enhanced for widescreen tvs that no one seems concerned that arguably the most classic of classical movie musicals remain in a truncated format that cannot be properly watched if one has a widescreen tv . these movies scream out for the widescreen , they were made with the ultimate technology of the time to be seen as wide and as broard as possible . yet they remain stuck in a non anamorphic style that limits their enjoyment to anyone with a widescreen tv and , with one exception , all the people who have written about them dont seem to care . " oklahoma " , " carousel " , " south pacific " and " king and i " need to be updated to 16.9 anamorphic widescreen ( also preferably with some genuine extras and commentaries as well ) . fox are years behind the rest of the movie studios in this regard and have only recently started to adapt their films for the format of the future ( ie observe the two versions of " an affair to remember " ) of course , this is a major rip off , so anyone with a widescreen tv who has not bought these films - -hold off , coz sooner or later they will get a proper release...how long ? that is anybody 's guess , but these postage stamp versions are an insult to anyone who knows anything of widscreen dvd technology ( " sound of music " is fine and " state fair " was made in non widescreen full screen format , an should be viewed with lines either side of the screen 
music pos 348.txt wonderful cd the music brings back a lot of childhood memories ! a must have for those who are looking for a cd that includes neil diamond 's top hits . 
software pos 72.txt although not perfect , i 've used roxio cd / dvd 6 platinum and nero 6 , and returned to using this product . this should also be called & quot ; burning cd 's for dummies&quot ; , it is that easy to use . i 've also used it to burn vcd 's without a hitch . if all you want is a fast disk copier and compiler , this is for you 
books neg 158.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
music pos 856.txt i was looking for some nice background nature sounds to have playing while i work throughout the day . this collection hits the spot . great sounds , great variety , great price 
music pos 84.txt it tiptoes through the years and delivers the punch , but as i wrote in my review , i never thought shangri la was going to be the last , though it appears just that . but all in the suit , man , they did that after shangri la de and i wonder , if this was the direction to come , my god ! ! ! ! it 's worth it for that track alone. . 5 stars is my own way of saying thank you , but it is not just sentimental , the only album in the short career that was n't great was tiny music , but the quote " trippin " made up for it . it 's a shame it 's over . i do n't like revolver , it 's not evolution for weiland and i ca n't imagine him being happy there , it steps back and all i ever hoped was that someday this band , stp , would reign supreme and been given the praise and adulation they deserve . all i can do is give stars , but i would rather buy another stp album or go see them live...is rock dead ? i think it is and it went with this band 
camera pos 557.txt this case is vital to protect the lightweight s1 which could be easily damaged from a drop . the case does not detract from the convenience of the s1 , it adds virtualy no bulk to the camera so that it still slips in a pocket or a purse easily . 
health pos 248.txt i 've tried all kinds of bibs , but nothing works better than pampers bibsters . right size , great pocket to catch crumbs , covers my 18 mth old , soaks up spills . i use them full time , not just on the road . 
software pos 963.txt turbo tax deluxe is an excellent product but they should make it easier for you to back up without having to go thorugh the whole category to get to one item . also they should make it easier to make adjustments to your state return . it 's very annoying to find and adjust the state return once you have gone back into your federal return . i think it is a very good product but they should make it much easier to navigate to other areas especially for the state return 
dvd pos 434.txt fyodor dostoyevsky 's nineteenth century novella " notes from underground " and the plot of this twenty first century movie carry identical messages . the movie is an eloquent cinematic adaptation of the novel that gives dostoevsky 's central character a new breath of life from the modern day perspective . the movie attempts to survey the convoluted mind of a building inspector through a video-taped self confession . the psychological similarities between the character in dostoevsky 's novel and the building supervisor in the movie are uncanny . both characters share a state of mind that is the epitome of a human condition where miserable anti hero attitude reigns through a heightened level consciousness and the rationality of everyday living through action is put to rest . the character in the movie who identifies himself as a " sick man , a spiteful man " lives his life in isolation by the drowning himself into the puddle of his own conflicting thoughts . he despises his friends and at the same time he seems eager to improve his relationship with them . the character in the movie voluntarily creates unpleasant scenarios that trigger his eventual self demise . he often finds himself confined within the conflicting walls of his consciousness . he falls in love with a prostitute but at the same time he is utterly disgusted by her profession and tries to dominate her . by escalating the level of his thought process well above the habitual human awareness , the central character of the movie isolates himself from the crowd that dostoevsky 's narrator identifies as the " men of action " . the building supervisor is paralyzed by the own consciousness just like the narrator in dostoevsky 's novel . dostoevsky 's novel and the movie helps us realize that the collective standard of self-consciousness that the society forces us to adapt through a methodical process of uniformity and conformity , has a negative side effect that is strong enough to paralyze our lives and inflict a profound sense of alienation in our minds . 
books neg 836.txt two huge problems with this book . one , this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and " traveling and learning " when they already know his identity , so i guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass . two , the city of los angeles functions as a character in kellerman 's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels . this thing drags on in some unnamed , nondescript city 
health neg 616.txt i have always used foam rubber as a topper over our mattress but changed to this memory foam . after using it for one month , i have taken it off the bed and it is back in the box it was shipped in . i do not like the memory foam at all . it seems to be great when you first lie down on it and then after a hour or two my body just sinks down until it is against the mattress below it and i am not that heavy a person , 160 lbs . it is so hard to find foam rubber but i will search until i find it and never by memory foam again ! doubt i can get my money back . have not talked to the seller about it 
health pos 599.txt i 'm not a sucker for advertising and i 'm definitely not an impulse buyer . but i did purchase a schick quattro razor some time ago to replace my old , tired blade . and i 've been satisfied thoroughly with it . however , after needing some refills , i bought these titanium coated blades . wow . i did n't believe it at first but i actually took a new titanium blade and the regular schick blades and ( i ca n't believe i 'm about to confess this.. . ) did one of those hokey " side-by-side " tests . this blade is excellent . it is an upgrade above their standard blade and , to me , worth the difference in price 
books pos 913.txt once again larry mcmurtry delivers the goods in this tale of the old west . we are introduced to calamity jane who spends a lot of time writing letters to her daughter by the light of a campfire . calamity jane joins a western touring company and the sea voyage to america is particularly memorable . there is also another character worth mentioning , namely a native american called no ears who views the world in terms of deep philosophical thought . towards the end of the book we see calamity jane lamenting her lost youth and sadly reflects on the glory days of the old west that she was once a part of . larry mcmurtry has writen a fine novel with a real , believable female character which is something most writers in this genre are unable to accomplish.another wondrous tale from a master of his craft 
music neg 956.txt what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music . 
camera neg 724.txt i was extremely disappointed with this camera . it 's a shame there is no option for zero stars , because it does n't even deserve one . i bought two of them for a vacation to belize because we were planning to do a lot of activities in and around the water , and we were hoping to capture those memories without risk to our digital camera . now i really regret not putting a little more money into a waterproof case for our digital camera rather than wasting money on this camera and developing pictures that were only worthy of the garbage can . all of the pictures from both cameras were very grainy - terrible , terrible quality . the camera that we took pictures with while diving was slightly better than the one we never even submerged in the water . those pictures were so grainy that we could n't even tell what the pictures were supposed to be of . extremely disappointing for a camera that was n't even submerged in water . not to mention both cameras said that there were more pictures left on the roll when there were none , so we took shots that we thought were going to be really amazing only to find that they were n't even on the negatives . i was so disappointed in this camera that i wrote to kodak and they offered to send me two new disposable cameras . unfortunately our trip to belize was a once in a lifetime trip , so i have absolutely no need for replacements - the damage is done . and i have no desire to ever use one of these cameras again . if you are planning on using a disposable waterproof camera for capturing valuable memories , do not waste your money on this one . the only thing you will receive from the photo lab is disappointment . i wish i had done more research before purchasing this one - please do n't even bother with it 
health pos 367.txt the stuff can seem somewhat pricy ( specially on a college budget ) but it 's well worth it . the taste is n't much to talk about ; you 're better of just holding your nose and chugging it at once . then again , weightlifters do n't eat supplements for taste do they ? i have a huge energy problem , i lack it a lot . between class and work , i 'm usually drained at the end of the day , but this stuff helps me get into the gym and hit it hard . this is n't to say that it wo n't requre motivation on your part , but it sure helps . during the workout , you may notice an increase in your pump . my muscles felt so tight and big , that i just wanted to lift more and more . by the time i was done , i went to the lockeroom to change and saw a monster in the mirror . i 've had great pumps before , but this was insane ! it did n't even look like me at all ; it felt great . i 've been using it for 2 months now and i do n't train a day without it . highly , highly recommended 
health neg 596.txt i followed the directions on the package but could not get these disks to adhere to my canker sore , even one in the flattest part of my cheek . obviously , they wo n't stick to sores on the gumline or inside of lip either . cankaid and kank+a are still the non-prescription products i have found that provide relief and are much easier to apply 
software neg 56.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around 50 ( $90 ) or less 
health pos 133.txt 27 ounces is a nice size , the bottle is light ( can be dented ) , and water stored in it tastes very good....and that will be even more welcome in the summer when a hot plastic water bottle in the car will taste lousy ! another reviewer mentioned a squeal......that would be while twisting the cap on or off . i 've gotten used to that . wish it was just a hair thinner to fit in my toyota cupholder...that may not be an issue with toyotas that are newer than mine are ( 10 & 15years ) . in the car , on the nightstand , in the canoe or kayak.....it 's working for me 
books neg 945.txt this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction . 
music neg 447.txt when the preview aired , i was pushing the movie to all my friends , based on the hilarity of the preview . at that time , i skeptically said , " i hope these do n't turn out to be the only funny parts . " and that was exactly what happened . the rest of the movie was full over overdone gross jokes , crass humor that went way over the line and kept running . the pee joke was funny once , but even at that one time they overdid it , then overdid it again , and then again . the harry potter parts were hilarious ! jack sparrow was awesome ! but i wished i had not been forced to watch the rest of the crap just to see a few funny parts of the movie . it 's another scary movie ( 1 ) deal , only worse ! i love the newest scary movies , they are funny , but 1 really sucked . it was funny now and then , but a lot of it was stupid . so is epic movie , only worse . do n't waste your money buying it . rent and fast forward . 
books neg 447.txt watson and crick pilfered the data of rosalind franklin ( unbeknownst to her ) and her data then led them to their ultimate discovery of the double-helix nature of dna . instead of acknowledging her with praise , watson goes on to belittle her and cast her in dark tones without understanding the context in which she was working ( ie , a woman working in male-dominated science n the 1950 's ) - - a classic case of reaction formation . maybe a brilliant man but with poor insight into human relationships 
camera pos 332.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
dvd neg 606.txt i bought the dvd hoping to see one skit - - the funniest one my family had ever seen on snl . we had it recorded on vhs many many years ago and somehow lost it . but we would sit and laugh until we cried watching the skit where phil played the drill sargeant who came up with nicknames for his new recruits - - " smiling laughing joking around man " ... " man who reminds me of my doggie " ... " hair head ! " i thought for sure that the funniest skit in all of snl history would be on there , but no...it was just a 20 second clip . i was so disappointed ! ! and it was quite surprising to see some of the skits they chose to show in their entirety...they just were n't funny . on a positive note , there was a serious song and dance number at the very end of the dvd that was so sweet , it brought me to tears . and the bonus featuring phil 's audition was quite interesting . but overall , i do n't recommend it . 
health pos 352.txt i got this product when the price dropped down to $12. so for that price i liked this product a lot . it heats the lotion well . initially i thought it was small , but now i think it is the correct size . i did not realize how much better it is to apply heated lotion until this . i switch it on when i go for a bath and by the time i am back , the lotion is ready and warm . it is a great buy , and for all you bargain shoppers , wait till the price drops . it is especially a great buy during winter 
dvd pos 705.txt the real life base ( dr. li ching-yun , 1677-1933 ) adds to the wonder and mystery . many movies usually pale compared to the book ; however this movie fits all the criteria of a great classic . such as excellent film footage for the time , even though some scenes are missing . when i look at the shangri-la setting some times my mind wanders and i wonder if this was the idea behind the valley in the book " atlas shrugged " by ayn rand ? i doubt that they could have picked any better actors for the parts . these actors fit the time and surroundings and were actually believable in the characters they played . a later remake of this movie was o.k. but just did not have the presence of these actors . now the dvd features : digitally remastered audio & anamorphic video production notes restoration before and after comparison three deleted scenes photo documentary with narration by historian kendall miller many more by the way i personally enjoy watching and re-watching this movie . 
music pos 898.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
camera neg 185.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
health pos 19.txt after reading the review regarding palm kernel oil in all of the luna bar flavors , i decided to read all the ingredients for each flavor myself . i noticed that the luna bar toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is the only flavor that does not contain palm kernel oil . if you are concerned about palm kernel oil you should purchase this flavor . the toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is delicious , does n't taste like a candy bar , and has low total and saturated fat gram percentages . luna bar toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is one of the better nutrition bars available on the market . 
camera pos 499.txt i bought these binoculars for my dad for christmas , and he is absolutely in love with them . the distance it can handle is slightly above average , but the clarity is really where this thing shines . its very easy to use , and has held up reasonably well . i would recomend it to the casual user 
health pos 256.txt i bought this rechargeable shaving system for my husband for christmas . it was a replacement of a corded shaver he had been using . he has been enjoying the features offered by this device . he especially likes the ability to rinse it out after each use . it gives a close shave and has a quick charge feature that allows you to charge it for a few minutes and gives at least two shaves . he has used the razor for about two weeks now with no complaints . it was a great price for a quality product 
books neg 919.txt i ordered the book from them on nov1. on nov 15 i called and they told me they did n't have it . the money was returned by amazon 
books neg 728.txt the text gets 5 stars for the orientation , organization , and the on-line resources for the text . it describes exactly what you would want in an applied corporate finance course . unfortunately , i have to deduct 3 stars because the text contains too many typos and smple calculations which i specifically want my students not to make . this has been frustrating for my students , as well as myself . however , i am confident that when this problem is cleaned up , the book will be among the best applied corporate finance text in the market . i strongly recommend a new , corrected edition 
dvd neg 925.txt it is not good as a mainstream movie , it does not have a good plot , some scenes are not relevant . even as a soft-porn movie , it does not do a good job . try watching " i like to play games " , its a much better soft-porn movie . 
books pos 628.txt i just got through reading " harvey penick 's little red book " . i enjoyed it so much that i had to apologize about my delay in submitting a positive comment on the seller 's feedback page . but the book was that enjoyable ! i read the book because i was told it is a good example in marketing and business management ideals . i do n't even play golf ! i was able to apply harvey penick 's words to attitudes and approaches to life though ! he not only teaches what he has learned about golf during his long rich life , but he also teaches a philosophy in how to live one 's life . his methods of evaluating the actions of his students and sharing what he has learned in an effort to improve thier lives is obvious to me . he refuses to use negative impressions in his teachings . instead , he accentuates the positive . he educates by guiding his students instead of " teaching " them . i love his ability to teach with images , parables and metaphors . his chapter " first things first " about the golfer who wanted to get out of sand traps is great ! after all , the problem is not always what you think . i challenge anyone to read " harvey penick 's little red book " and share with me how they can apply his knowledge to thier business and personal lives . whether you play golf or not , this book is good reading 
music pos 987.txt good stuff ! an excellent collection of original and classic gypsy jazz tunes , artfully performed by jorgenson . i recommend it as an introduction to the virtuosity of john jorgenson and the genius of django reinhardt 
camera pos 855.txt i really enjoy my photosmart r725. it 's small , easy portable , takes wonderful photos , and is very versatile in terms of settings . i just have one thing i do n't like about it , and that 's the fact that there is no viewfinder . there is an lcd screen on the back which acts as a viewfinder , but it 's hard to see in bright sunlight , and i 'm afraid that it will eventually become scratched beyond use . for now , it 's great but i 'm not sure how it will hold up for the long run . at the same time , it 's not spendy , so it might be worth it 
books pos 306.txt i saw the movie in a theater when it first came out . i was a teenager and , although i believed it to be primarily a girl 's movie , i did enjoy it . i 've seen it several times since then , and it still has not lost its charm . when i finally did read the book , i was disappointed that the movie did n't follow it more closely . to me , these are two different stories . the holly in the movie is likeable ; the novella 's holly is a harpie who cares for no one or nothing else . ( when my wife saw the movie , she remarked that holly was , " an idiot . " ) however , the book 's storyline is more interesting...more haunting , and the book 's ending is more intriguing . the movie ends as a love story . the book is much more . and , oh yes , whatever you may think of capote as an individual , the guy was a damn good writer 
camera neg 930.txt i bought this item for $40 online and then found out my canon camera didnt need a cannon brand charger and i could have bought one for $10 instead . in total i spent for this charger which included the shipping and handling . not worth it . go to another store and by one for $10 
health pos 201.txt i bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair . it works great ! i gotta admit , it 's just big enough for my head and i have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the " extra large " size towel ( which is n't really all that large . 
books pos 530.txt this is a great book . well written and illustrated . this is one of the most hilarious children 's books i 've read to my child . we were laughing throughout the whole thing . i highly recommend this book to both children and adults 
music neg 120.txt while some would call orange and acme " studio " albums , suggesting that they lack originality , but they have rythm . i would call myself a big jsbx fan , i play orange and acme constantly , however i feel that this album is a little too much free form , and free noise for the everyday listener . i would recommend that anyone interested in jsbx start with acme and then move on to orange to develop an appreciation for jsbx , because it is a rather acquired taste 
software pos 442.txt i bought this program for my 11 yr old granddaughter and she has very quickly learned the keyboard . i wanted her to learn the correct way to type before she developed bad hunt and peck habits . so much homework now requires typed reports . she had fun with it . it 's a great program ! 
camera neg 420.txt like others , mine will review pictures but shuts off almost immediately when in i turn it on in still mode . bought in december 2005 , it is now not working . it is scandalous that so many of us have the same issue and sony is not addressing it . sony should be forced to recall these cameras . 
music neg 128.txt i 've never written a review , but i just wanted to let you know if you buy this album you are a complete idiot , and you 're killing hip-hop . stop killing my music 
books neg 19.txt the book jacket for " the ruins " offers a can't -miss premise : a group of post-grad american tourists at play in mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger . it 's the stuff of great summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach . but 319 pages later , the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket . almost immediately , you 'll notice that smith 's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting . however , despite the endless stream of words , his descriptions are often threadbare . plus , there are no chapter breaks , which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue . next , the characters themselves begin to fall flat . there are only really two couples to keep track of , and yet it 's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them . there is little to keep you interested in what they 're doing or why they might be doing it . smith 's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts . this seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters ' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam . by the end of the book , the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them . and for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as mayan mythology or archeological lore , forget it . aside from language barriers with the locals , there is no reason why this fantastical story could n't have been set in the wilds of the rocky mountains , the saharan desert , or anywhere else . the danger posed has nothing to do with mexico , archeology or mythology at all . ah yes , the danger posed . well , i ca n't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that 's how thin the plot is . the numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right . suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is ( and you 'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do ) , it 's a real eye-roller , as if to say " i read this many pages for this ? " . by the time the story concludes , it 's more irritating than suspenseful . the characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you 'll start rooting against them . eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action , but even aside from being misdirected , it 's too little too late . this book could have been an adventure , a supernatural thriller , a survival tale , or a horror screenplay . it could have even taken the high road as an examination on people 's reactions to situations of extreme stress : some take the lead , even enjoying the challenge , while others whither into a shell of hopelessness . but none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort . 
software pos 756.txt i have used other product of this kind and have never used any easier one . the video tutorials are the greatest help of all . the home plans they already have in the program are lacking but you can change them to what you want , but that is not the easiest task . i would recommend this product to anyone wanting to make their dreams come true 
health pos 477.txt this product gives your hair great volume without looking greasy . ( be careful not to use too much ! ) it works best if you have a little time to diffuse your hair with a blow dryer ! not surprisingly , when i use curl conscious many people will compliment the curls and the depth it adds to my hair : ) i wish it would combat frizz a little more , but my hair is less frizzy when i use it . i guess the next thing i 'll try is the bumble and bumble frizz fighter 
camera pos 429.txt this camera does everything it says ; yes , it 's waterproof and i was very uneasy taking a digital camera into the water for the first time ! ! only reason i did n't give it 5 stars : it is as slow as every other digital camera i 've owned as far as focusing , multiple flashes , and then actually shooting . you get your subject 's attention and they smile , frozen , as you hold down the shutter release for a good 3 seconds until the shot is taken ( in low light . ) i was especially intrigued by its " bright capture " technology , but it honestly does n't seem any different in low light than my old sony u20 2mp tiny little snapshot camera . still that same flash-in-the-dark look . there is a fill-flash low light program mode ( among many many others ) , but the shutter speed sets itself so slow the background becomes a messy worthless blob , even if you hold your breath and try to remain still . my ideal snapshot camera is portable , durable , quick , easy , and produces excellent results without having to think about your exposure modes . this camera has 3.5 out of those 5. it is way portable , very durable , easy , produces ok results but you have to mess with settings if you 're not in daylight , and it 's not very quick . overall i am very happy with the purchase and will carry it everywhere 
camera pos 791.txt the seller was super fast , the product well packaged and as described . thank you 
music neg 869.txt although a few of the tracks seem inspired , it 's mainly mulligan going through the motions with getz , with very little chemistry between them . & quot ; anything goes&quot ; and & quot ; scrapple from the apple&quot ; are nice enough but beyond that it 's weak . mulligan himself did n't speak very highly of the recording session , saying that he enjoyed his other dates with desmond , webster , and hodges , but mentioning that & quot ; granz wanted that session a lot more than i did . &quot ; of course , it would be quite out of the ordinary to hear anything but negative remarks about stan getz and his sparkling personality . save your money and go buy the 2-disk reissue of & quot ; meets ben webster&quot ; . or , if you do n't have it already , the seminal pacific recordings with chet baker 
books pos 742.txt charles h . kahn 's account of the pythagorean philosophical tradtion , although less than 200 pages long , is well worth reading as what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality . in a concise , but intelligent , summary , kahn traces pythagoreanism from its semi-legendary founder through to such early modern scientists as copernicus and kepler . as a young academic who specialises in the pythagorean tradition i can recommend this work wholeheartedly to scholars , but as a latinist i must say i was disapointed by kahn 's treatment ( or lack of ) of this strand of western philosophy in late roman and medieval thought . but , this is still the best up to date history of pythagoreanism available in the english language 
camera pos 995.txt i just got my new camcorder and start to operate it . first of all is 's very easy to operate with the joystick , the use in the still image function is allways available , even while shooting a video ( nice feature but as all camcorders - low quality pitures ) the stabalizer ( one of the reason why i 'd preffered that cam over the other ) is great and even in full zoom you can get pretty steady videos . the large zoom ( x32 ) is also very nice . overall i think this is great value for my money... . 
health pos 489.txt great tasting bar . nice and soft make it easy to eat 
camera neg 535.txt i tried the trick of resizing , but honestly , the image quality is still abyssmal . the images are so low-resolution that only the vaguest of detail comes out . please , if you 're thinking of buying this for someone for christmas this year , choose something else . it might be okay for someone with low standards or poor eyesight , but for anyone who can see well and knows what a good digital image looks like , this will be a huge disappointment . the good news is that in a few years these digital keychains will have advanced and will offer much better performance - that 's almost guaranteed . so put this one on the " must buy for mom " list for the 2008 christmas season . i very seldom write a review , and only wrote this one to keep people from making the same mistake i did 
software neg 909.txt eb own words : " unfortunately , at this time the britannica software is not compatible with windows vista . we are working on developing another version of the 2007 software that will work on windows vista and we are planning to release this version in the upcoming months . please check back with us in another month or so and we should have some more information about the vista-compatible software . but , it is entirely possible that we will not have windows vista compatible version of the 2007 product available and that we will wait until the development of the 2008 software . " they do not offer a reasonable on-line subscription 
dvd pos 355.txt i purchased this dvd because it said it was an easier pilates video to do ; basically anyone , even beginners , could do it . i have to disagree . i started this video and tried to do all of the 5 , ten minute sections . it was n't completely hard , but definitely challenging . i am not the most fit person , but also not the most unfit . i had a harder time because i am just not as limber as you should be to use this pilates video . i am not saying i would n't suggest it , i am just saying it 's not definitely for beginners . however , the instructions are clear and since it 's broken up into the five-ten minute sections it gets even lazy people like me to get off the couch and do it 
camera neg 256.txt i am still giving this camera 2 stars because.. . i may have used the wrong settings when taking photo's . but.. . i ended up with " a lot " of blurred and fuzzy photo's . " example.. . when we went bowling , almost every photo was blurred or had those acid trip looking streaks . " my biggest complaint is the battery door broke completely in half in less then 4 months of use . you might expect that out of a $30 dollar camera but " not " a $3 hundred dollar one . i paid $284.99 for the camera , $47.99 for the 1 gb sd memory card and $51.54 for the docking station and that did n't include s&h or taxes , they were extra $$$ ! my husband replaced this one for me with the kodak easyshare c743 and g600 printer dock and it 's a 7.1 mp and it takes better quality pictures that i can print @ home for less then this one . ( $249.95 w / free shipping & handling and 1 gb sd memory card included ) from k o d a k online 
dvd neg 862.txt the strange and baffling career of cuba gooding takes another dive in this attempt to mirror the success of denzel 's training day . unfortunately , cuba 's not denzel and this movie is way below the quality of day . filled with enough foul language to fill the pacific ocean , the movie attempts to be artsy but is merely another bad cop movie , filled with bad cops- --where 's the good ones ? clifton collins jr. , so good in capote , is wasted in the role of the apparently honest partner of cuba who is going to testify in internal affairs regarding the killing of an innocent bystander during a drug bust . all though this cuba swaggers like a rap star and collins has to try and act tough with him . there 's an unusual twist in the end and a very long russian roulette sequence that do nothing to redeem this disappointing film 
books neg 763.txt if you like redon for his vibrant color , look for another book . dream symbolism and spirituality that inspired redon 's imagery are the main topics of this book . most of the many examples are black and white drawings . however , the real magic of redon is his use of color in his mature works . this was not adequately represented . 
books neg 873.txt the premise put forth in the title is supported by some keen insights into " leadership by calling " and comparisons to it with " modern leadership theory . " les csorba writes about the danger of pursuing results without compassion ; a point with which i agree . unfortunately , some of the examples he chooses are questionable.. . after warning about the danger of weak character in powerful leaders , csorba chastises german chancellor schroeder for turning back on some promises to george w bush regarding the war on terrorism and then goes on to deride him for his four wives . meanwhile he praises jack welch for going from neutron jack to a gentler jack ( which jack says he would abandon if needed ) while still making the " tough " decisions that got the " results " for the shareholders . jack can change is mind and go back to compassionless results.. . ok . also , there is no mention that jack was getting results with his personal secretary whilst the wife was at home.. . unfortunately the theme in csorba 's examples becomes one of bashing the mistakes of democrats and forgiving the sins of the republicans . he does sprinkle in some condemnation for a few wrong-minded republicans in a meek attempt at balance . it 's a shame that he turned this into a politcally tainted work . it started off so well . it started off well even though it will turn off readers who are not people of faith as faith is central precept to this book . it also started off well even though he chose to make george w bush the role model for how to be a trust-able leader . unfortunately this conservative / political bent turned an even harder right from there and kept going . it kept going to the point that i could no longer plan on sharing this book with some folks i know who really need it . they would simply say its a bush-ie / right-winger book and dismiss the valuable and otherwise soundly argued premise . too bad . csorba almost had a classic instead of a politically tainted leadership manual . i say this even though i am republican , am one of the few folks who would admit they were voting for bush before the election , am a person of faith , and tend to find the dems an easy target . but this book was supposed to be about so much more than republican politics . too bad 
camera neg 329.txt this camera was great at first and very easy to use , however , the condensation error many others seem to have came true for us as well . when we first got the error it had not been anywhere near any water or moisture , so we put it in our cedar chest ( we keep our house very dry and do n't live in a humid area - nebraska ) . this worked for a few months , but the error is now on permanently and the camera is useless . i wish it was different , but bottom line , this is a disposable video camera - a nice one , but still disposable 
health neg 380.txt this grinder was recommended to me , but i have to say i find it frustrating to use . juice leaks out the bottom when grinding steamed vegetables or juicy fruit , and grinding some things ( e.g. , green beans ) takes a lot of force . while the price is fine , the high cost of " shipping and handling " to purchase one unit made me angry ; had i noticed before i bought it , i would n't have ! since then i 've noticed that this is sold at most local grocery stores 
music pos 77.txt i feel bad doing this becuase i love iggy and the stooges but the quality on this set is pretty bad . all the live recordings are worth listening to and probably owning but the quality is very rough and can get frustrating . it 's like the first beatles anthology set : the material is amazing but the quality is bad . on the plus side the studio outtakes are decent quality wise and amazing content wise . the packaging is also very nice . i just though i 'd share this information before you drop all the money on the set . if you are a stooges fan do n't hesitate purchase now but if this is your introduction you should probably wait . 
music pos 365.txt nwa was an original rap group and with that being said , this is definitely a must have album for rap lovers . along with public enemy , nwa christened their genre with hard core lyrics and tight bass beats . although i do n't agree with some of their lyrics , one would not expect this white kid to fully understand their view on life . anyways , buy this album , i recommend it . keep it away from the kiddies though 
camera pos 249.txt this is my first and very expensive entry into digit slr photography . i have used canon point and shoot digital camera previously . i was avoiding dslr 's because i used to rarely use my eos film slr . the convienience of a point and shoot from that experience was overwhelming . unfortunately so are it 's limitations . so back i came , and the only choice though expensive was the eos 5d for it 's full frame sensor ! the pain was reduced by the double rebates . wow ! this is a revelation ! beautifull images , lot of control . i did notice that the af was not as fast as my old elan iie . i was also disappointed that for the price there was a lack of weather sealing . i am not happy with canon for this , but i really appreciate them for making a full frame sensor in a difficult marketable slot as far as their line up was concerned . this camera also needs prime or l lenses , because the sensor will reveal the inadequacies of inferior lenses . this add 's to the cost . this is an exceptional photographic tool that i hope to use to improve my skill as i explore all it 's capabilities 
music neg 937.txt once " the very best of 10cc " was released in 1997 , it was the collection to have . that collection included 15 tracks that spanned 10cc 's career , ending with the godley and creme hit " cry . " so why would this cd be released , especially since the only thing it offers over the prior cd is " channel swimmer " and " do n't hang up ? " buy the cd " how dare you " and " the very best of 10cc " and you will have three times the music you have on this cd for only twice the price . an unnecessary addition to the 10cc portfolio 
dvd neg 984.txt i have now seen several gerry anderson projects , many hits and some misses , this one is close to dead last for me ( wait , it is dead last ) . a priest driving a model t is the hero in this one . he also has a shrinking ray ( shrinks to like 1 / 3 normal ) that he uses on his assistant who is a groundskeeper / secret agent . sound interesting ? well , i got the set cheap so why not buy it ? if your an anderson fan as i am , it was worth the price , just do n't expect to show it to your friends as it 's really tame and slow plodding with model t car chases and not a whole lot of action . here is my ranking of the shows i like from gerry anderson so take that into account of your own tastes . #1 ufo ( a live adult sci-fi show with some great character development ) , #2 joe 90 ( the concept is great and the non continuous storylines work good here ) , #3 captain scarlet ( i love the concept and a lot of the shows fit in with the current war on terror to me ) , #4 thunderbirds ( had a corgi toy as a kid , it was the best show for kids on tv at the time ) , #5 stingray ( for the time , it was a great action kids show ) , #6 fireball xl5 ( like a stingray except in space and black and white ) , #7 the protectors ( eh , it 's ok ) , #8 space 1999 ( this is where my recommended shows stop , this show was so highly anticipated and quickly got really stupid even i could n't stay with it in the 70 's ) , #9 terrahawks ( just started watching it now it may move up above space 1999 and the protectors ) , #10 secret service . i have n't watched his other stuff and i know there is stuff out there like supercar but that would probably rank above secret service for me . 
books neg 624.txt a little less psycho babble and a bit more logistical information would have suited me better . ms. cantrell spends the majority of the book being a relationship / marriage counselor , and though it 's true issues become larger in smaller spaces , there are more issues for women cruisers than just their relationship dynamics . as i said , practical logistical information would have suited me better . 
dvd pos 812.txt season four is excellent , ca n't wait for the release of season five 
software pos 401.txt i 'm just learning , and this bible is wonderful . it 's written in language i can understand ( much easier than the king james version ) , and the commentary brings everything into focus . there is so much extra information in this book and the commenters really took care to try to explain so a newbie like me could understand . the book comes with a concordence also , which is a god-send ( sorry about the pun ) . i 've been so engrossed in reading that i have n't even looked at the cd-rom yet , but i 'm sure it will have great information also . if you want an easy-to-read bible that comes with fantastic study material , this is the right book for you 
camera pos 648.txt this is a great camera . the quality is good and the camera is very durable . i 've accidently dropped the camera several times , and it still works . however , i would suggest getting a memory card if you want to take more than 24 pictures at a time . 
camera neg 759.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
books pos 925.txt i am a two and a half year old boy . i go to a parent-toddler class with my mommy , and my teacher read this story to the class . the pictures captured my interest immediately . the storyline is compelling . but the most fun part is the new vocabulary i 've learned from it . i adore this book and i read it several times a day at home ( i memorized the text after my teacher and my parents read it dozens of times for me ) . i 'll never look at a squirrel the same way again 
health pos 277.txt the product does what it says it cuts your hair and contains it all in a vacuum container 
music pos 683.txt when a young artist names her first two albums not & quot ; judy&quot ; or & quot ; collins&quot ; but & quot ; a maid of constant sorrow&quot ; and & quot ; golden apples of the sun&quot ; , you know she takes herself seriously.originaly released in 1961. and 1962. their names were all i knew until i saw this cd recently . &quot ; who will buy this ? & quot ; i wondered just to see the only copy snatched right in front of me.the comparisons with first two baez albums are inevitable ( some songs were recorded by both ) althought collins shows much more passion and involment where baez seemingly seduces herself with the beauty of her voice.on these early albums collins is frighteningly devoted keeper of the flame and her repertoire is almost exclusively traditional - which means not only ethereal beauty but also a certain ( to some ears , overpowering ) seriousness , cleverly mellowed by inclusion of joyous & quot ; o daddy be gay&quot ; , a cousin to her & quot ; grandfather&quot ; recorded years later.althought i honestly love these songs and listen only this cd for days , these early albums are today much more significant as seeds of collins later trademarks ( voice will soar much higher in the future , she slipped w.b.yeats into traditional folk collection just to later blossom into first-rate art-pop singer ) and as they were product of their greenwich village times , they may sound a bit dated to some modern ears.but they are still hauntingly beautiful to me , i waited their re-release for too long 
camera neg 886.txt well . i was convinced the fx07 was a bad product after using it for 6 months . like a lot of other reviews have pointed out , the noise level in low-light condition is annoying , and give you a watercolor-like effect . some pictures i took during a visit to monterey bay aquarium turned out completely dark ( to prevent this beforehand , i even took photos of the same objects using several different settings , only to get the results of bad , worse , and worst ) . the picture quality is nowhere close to my old old old sony cybershot t7. i was totally disappointed . if not for my t7 was broken , i would n't even wanna use this camera . even re-sell it to other people , i would feel it 's like a crime . after revisiting this webpage and read more user reviews , i realized i must have got the defective item from amazon . well . what can i say ? it 's been 6 months . bottom line : just be careful when you received this item . do some test shots . if anything looks suspicious , ask for a replacement . after all , all the high praise here ca n't be all wrong 
camera pos 900.txt this accessory is very useful when taking group pictures with the photographer included 
health pos 96.txt now that i 'm writing this review , it seems silly that i 'm so happy over such a small thing as a toothbrush . but i am . i bought this item not long after i had my first ( and hopefully only ) root canal and crown four years ago , something which i never again want to experience in my life ( as someone else described , it was painful and expensive ) . growing up , i did n't take care of my teeth like i should 've , so i 'm accustomed to always being told there 's either a cavity , or the start of one , and having to have more work done . after the root canal , my mom recommended a brush that had at least a certain number of pulsations / oscillations , because that 's what she 'd been recommended by her dentist to combat her receding gums . this specific item met those requirements , and it was affordable . when i first started using it , my gums were very sensitive to it , but that quickly wore off , so it seems to me that it strengthens the gums . it is also much easier to get behind the front teeth . subsequent dentist vists by my mom have shown that her gums have improved dramatically after using a high-quality electric toothbrush such as this one ( i honestly do n't remember if she has this exact model , but ours are similar ) , and i 've not needed any work done at the dentist beyond regular cleanings since i purchased it . as far as cleaning the unit to keep it from " gunking " up , i 'm the only person who uses this item , so any extra toothbrush heads are still in the package they came in , not dripping into the storage container ; so i do n't know how to combat that . but i just take the toothbrush head off the thing and rinse it , then rinse the hand-held part , and set them back on the unplugged charger / base ( i only plug it in when the battery runs low ) and things stay clean with no problem 
books neg 499.txt this is one of those books where you actually feel embarrassment for the author . the book is poorly researched , poorly written and , well , words just fail me . while i am not a great herriot fan , i do have to give him his due - the man could write well and could tell a good story ( is n't that what authors are suppose to do ? ) but this guy graham lord , i suspect , has problems feeding paper into his typewriter ! the intire book is such an obvious ploy to make some money on the shirttail of a & quot ; dead&quot ; and popular author , it is rather nauseating . shame on the publisher for accepting such shoddy work ! i did finish the book though ( thank god i did not purchase the thing ) because each page became worse and worse and i could not stop , thinking with each turn of the page & quot ; well it just cannot be any worse than that last page / chapter . &quot ; how wrong i was ! if you must read the thing , borrow it or check it out of a library . i would hate to see a person waste their money , and i certainly would not want the author and his publisher to be rewarded for a work such as this . herriot 's life , warts and all , could be such a fastinating subject . i do hope someone will turn out a good study of him eventually . we certainly did not get it here 
dvd neg 828.txt i an not a prude but i watched this movie after it was recommended by a friend . i watches this movie with a pretty liberal girlfriend and we both found it to be extremely vulgar and not even funny , with the exception of the fist scene.and the language was ridiculous and gross ! yuk 
books pos 266.txt this book is simply incredible . a more stimulating book i could n't imagine ! it 's not that it told me so much i did n't know intuitively , but seeing it written so distinctly in black and white really hit home . this is one to read if you really want to get a sense of just how dramatically the world has changed . neal gabler , tells it like he sees it and has a lot of research to back up his views . i love that he does n't make judgements or try to press an opinion on the reader . it 's left up to you to decide how you feel about it all . i find myself thinking of points he brought up throught the day and seeing just what he meant by experiencing it in & quot ; real&quot ; life . the only reason i did n't give it a 5 is because i wish it was a bit more in-depth . it 's so engaging that i can imagine an entire college course being made from this book . it is a book that 's as entertaining as it is informative , and that 's the whole point 
software pos 151.txt this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program 
books pos 329.txt this book is one of the best on understanding dogs and also for training them . our daughter dr. shannon dominguez dch who is head of the maui animal therapy program - - - highly recommends this book . [...] she has trained therapy dogs in a short time using these methods . we have adopted two little terriers from shelter and they are respondeing beautifully to the day by day suggestions on how to train young as well as old dogs and we would say these methods would work on children : - ) as well ! ! 
music pos 504.txt for those of us who thought phil collins was to be lost in the mass pop culture , think again.. . that was back in the early 80s when i heard this. . it is mastery distille 
music pos 120.txt following the demise of soundgarden in 1997 , everyone was curious what chris cornell would do next . would he immerse himself in another band where he could display his blood-curdling screams or would he surprise everyone with something totally different ? he chose the latter . with natasha shneider on keys and alain johannes on guitars , cornell found the opportunity to break away from his heavily zeppelin and sabbath-rooted musical background , and he also asked some other musicians to make an appearance on the record . the result is a very diverse album , highlighting cornell 's immediately identifiable vocals and relatively more simpler songwriting . that said , he had the chance to incorporate a multitude of other instruments , including tambourine , theremin , and timpani . besides the trademark blues rock-ridden songs that helped cornell make a name for himself , he also digs deep into psychedelia , best heard on " preaching the end of the world " , a song that finds cornell opting for thick , radiohead-like arrangements , lofty acoustics , and a strange mix of keyboard and guitar effects . not too different is " disappearing one " , guesting soundgarden drummer matt cameron with its moving vocal melodies , shimmering keyboards and even a vague clarinet addition . surely , soundgarden fans expecting a very heavy record with meaty guitars and lots of aggressive vocals will be sorely disappointed . but they need to realize euphoria morning was meant to be different way before cornell started working on it . solo projects serve the purpose of letting the artists express themselves in ways they are unable to in their own bands . and considering this , euphoria morning is a huge success . that said , there are still some songs where the band behind cornell churns out some rocking riffs and rhythms , such as " flutter girl " and especially " pillow of your bones " during the chorus . the former starts out in an almost poppy fashion but quickly picks up a playful funk bass line and is finished off with a cool blues lead ; whereas the latter is more straightforward , employing lots of acoustic and electric guitars as well as weird percussion work . the final song " steel rain " is also a number that alternates between decidedly heavier parts and more haunting , ominous moments . the ethnic drumming ( great tabla rhythms ) on this track is quite experimental given cornell 's music with soundgarden and later on with audioslave . " follow my way " and " when i 'm down " are the most moving songs , with the latter featuring a deft piano and organ melody beneath cornell 's heartfelt delivery . this is another song that embraces his love for bluesy guitar work and it also features some female backing harmonies during its pre-chorus . similarly , the title track is a passionate piece where cornell sings entirely a capella over acoustic guitars . there are no other instruments ; cornell plays his guitar and simply sings his heart out . a remix of the effect-laden " mission " would later be included on the mission impossible 2 soundtrack while " moonchild " became a minor hit with its eerie atmosphere along with the opening song " ca n't change me " , perhaps the most modern-sounding , upbeat song on the album . despite being only three minutes though , its flow is majestic , borrowing harmonica , tambourine and shimmering keyboards that climax at the final second . my european copy of the album contains a very different version of the opening song , with french lyrics , accordion , mandolin , and female vocals backing cornell . the song returns to its english chorus at one point , but the rest is all delivered in french and perhaps more engaging than the original version in some ways . chris cornell is one of the greatest voices in rock and this solo album is testimony to his greatness . when freed from any band restrictions , the man is capable of crafting some of the most moving and brutally honest songs ever . 
dvd neg 510.txt i watched ten minutes of beanie seagal trying to act and turned my dvd player off to read a book . i had to . i felt like i was getting dumber by the minute for watching that short segment of the movie . it looked so common i did n't even need to see the rest to tell you the end . i 'm willing to bet some people got shot , somebody got away with the crime , the police arrested beanie , and somebody 's mother was yelling at somebody . i do n't even care if i 'm right or wrong because regardless , i 'm not gonna finish watching this movie 
music neg 993.txt when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver 
books pos 338.txt i really enjoyed this book , it was n't completely comprehensive but did give a good overview of buffet 's investment style . while it did n't go heavily into the analysis of stocks that i would have liked it did describe who influenced buffet , thanks to this book i was able to pick up some fisher and graham and have learned quite a bit . all in all i would reccomend this book for someone interested in a light biography of buffet or a little insight into how he makes decisions 
health pos 401.txt the shaver was very good . it gives a very close shave . not only do i shave my face but i also shave my head . it feels like i use a normal shaver after i am done . my nly advice is to empty the hair out between every shave . it seems to give a better shave this wa 
dvd pos 206.txt i saw this movie for one reason : i wanted to see gerard butler in something other than phantom of the opera just to see how he played a " normal " role . i 've never been a big fan of " chick flicks " ( for instance , my friend and i watched a walk to remember awhile ago , and the only thing that kept us from laughing throughout was the constant threat of being slapped by one of the girls in the room ) . that said , dear frankie is a thoroughly entertaining film that has a surprisingly deep plot and keeps going at a fast enough pace that you never get bored . initially i had trouble understanding what the actors were saying ( they all have thick accents ) , but once i got used to it i had no problems through the rest of the movie 
music pos 198.txt this cd is perfect for driving . the downtempo / beat driven ambient feel and overall togetherness of this cd is a perfect choice for easy electronic listening . overall very pleased with mr. schnauss ' contribution to the genre . highly reccomende 
music pos 946.txt the best place to start with the best is at the beginning . enya 's the celts ( identical to the original 1980s release simply called enya ) is a beautiful collection of music . enya is not an artist where you just get the " best of " album . every cd is a best of in itself 
camera neg 715.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
books pos 59.txt this book clearly , easily teaches the 5 different ways we each relate to one another . it is applies very well to couples ; however , the principles also provide essential insight into relating with children , colleagues.. . anyone ! it makes an excellent group book study or a read-on-one 's own 
books pos 416.txt private investigator kinsey millhone is back again in this fourth installment of sue grafton 's alphabet series . this time she is offered a fee to give a $25 , 000 cashier 's check to a young man named tony gahan . the check for the fee bounces and kinsey is now looking for the man who gave it to her , plus the young man she is to give the cashier 's check to . everything she finds out about her client is bad . he is a drunk , who has killed several people in a car wreck , and appears to be a bigamist . when he is found dead , kinsey has plenty of suspects including survivors of the dead motorists and two angry wives . this book is written in grafton 's usual breezy style , and kinsey becomes more independent and more likeable with each book . i would recommend the whole series to mystery-lovers 
books neg 572.txt i was very disappointed in the content . there were not enough color plates and transparency in the color was lacking . many of the instructions were used with black and white sketches and plates . many of kautskys subjects and scenes appeared to me to be " pre watercolor career " pencil sketches which i recognized . dark somber and sparse in my opinion 
dvd pos 510.txt this is one of the best movies starring children i have ever seen - ozu embraces their viewpoint - often litterally from their eye level . often in other ozu films like ' tokyo story ' , and ' early summer ' - we would see flashes of children from a strikingly noncondescending and , often times , humerous perspective . now in ' good morning ' we have an almost entire film devoted to childhood - and events that are important in the lives of these kids and their parents and family . like all ozu films it is gorgeously shot and in a bright colorful style full of wonderfull compositions . it is not as masterul as ' tokyo story ' of ' floating weeds ' - but it gives us a better understanding of ozu and how he saw the world - very charming film 
health neg 655.txt this thing is horrible . cumbersome to use and does nothing . i have to swiffer over and over again and crud is still on the floor . it removes a little bit of dirt but does n't actually clean a rug / carpet . i 'm giving it one star because amazon wo n't let me rate it -0 
health neg 484.txt made of cheap plastic . generate loud noise . the switch broke off the 2nd week i got it . 
health pos 44.txt the toothbrush section an the local drug store has at least a hundred different tooth brushes on offer but in spite of all this variety almost all of these have large heads . if you mouth is more petite or you have a strong gag reflex , your teeth suffer . the oral b head is small and although you have to work a little more on each tooth , you can . i have not had a cavity in years . my pearly whites look greate and my gums are firm an buffed . if only these woked on abs . 
books pos 174.txt well , i just wanted to say that i am purchasing this to learn more about what could be , my ancestor ! yup ! my name is jackie kidd . i have been forever interested in anything that has to do with captain kidd . get this , we all have nicknames at my job and i am called : captain kidd . people think i 'm wacked , but i do n't care . i think he was a good pirate , he just got caught . i have been trying to trace my family tree to him . nothing is for sure just yet . but i wear my uniform well ! i have a pirate costume that i wear every halloween . i stand firm in my heritage , if this is who i am 
music neg 857.txt it is ludicrous to even mention the fact that the duprees have lasted so long and can still be seen in atlantic city considering the fact that there is not one original member of the duprees in the group that is seen in atlantic city . this is a major problem with many groups purporting to be from the 50 's and 60's . the duprees appearing today is a perfect example of caveat emptor ... buyer beware for those readers who do n't read latin ! for those of us who were duprees fans , this is a not to be missed cd of the original duprees with the incomparable sound of joey vann and harmony that is hard to match . they did joni james proud in their remake of a number of her hits . it is nostalgia personified hearing the original duprees 
software neg 420.txt i had a problem at the end of the process in that the program indicated no errors , but when you went to print the return , the message stated that there were errors on the return . i contacted turbo tax directly , but they had no explanation . they simply said that they had received a couple of calls about this problem . that was it 
health pos 38.txt philips sent me a reprogram plug-in that took me only 10 minutes to change the settings to meet the new standards . most of the low price aed 's use camaera batteries . my defibrillator has a long life lithium battary . i wo n't risk someone 's life on store-bought battaries . walt blankenshi 
camera neg 198.txt it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards 
software neg 368.txt unfortunately , it seems once you have downloaded nav 2007 , your whole computer will not function properly . internet explorer malfunctions , and i also received a blue screen ( fear of crash ) stating that what ever program was recently installed , i should reinstall it . i did so , but the problems did not go away . i called norton , they told me to run in safe mode without norton . my computer was back to normal , so it was norton causing all the problems . i unistalled it and went with another product , after spending the $60 and many hours with norton help desk . do n't believe me , do a search on any search engine , and you will see the many problems and no apparent solutions for this program ! ! up till now , i have only used norton , and never thought twice when buying the update . i 'm now moving on to another product 
health neg 98.txt the bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three " flavors " taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . i much prefer certain flavors of balance bars . the only good thing about these clif bars is that i do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one 
health neg 799.txt very disappointing . the shower head itself is massive - the size of a small dinner plate . it is attached to a long hose which is so flexible it ca n't support the weight of the head when the shower is in use . predictably , when you turn on the shower , the head drops groundward , spewing water in a horizontal spray . installs easily , but save your money 
software pos 999.txt if you want a simple to use program to manage personal finances quicken is for you . i have found it very useful for keeping track of my checking and savings accounts . you can also make automatic posts to your accounts . which is nice feature if you use automatic online bill pay with your bank . the program makes charts , graphs and reports showing where your money is going and coming from . it also does a nice job showing you if where you are meeting your budget and where you are spending too much money . quicken makes keeps track of loans easy . it calculates how much money is going to interest and principle . i have been having a hard time and have been unsuccessful at setting up the program to track my 403b account . overall , i think quicken is a good program and recommend it to anyone to anyone who does not have a similar product already 
dvd neg 175.txt this movie is typical hollywood anti-war , anti-military , anti-american trash . the " show biz " liberals , aided and abetted by their ideological cousins , the left-wing tv news moguls , have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing , drug-crazed monsters . this movie is typical of that ilk . if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war , buy the dvd of " we were soldiers . " - -a much better , and far more honest , film 
music neg 22.txt before you get all worked up , let me say that he has a voice , but he really does n't have a style . he sings songs way too straight , he makes even bobby short sound like an improviser ! he also does n't seem to be in touch with his masculine side , his vocie is very , well if ying is male , and yang is female , he sounds very yang . he needs to take some liberties with the songs he sings and then he wo n't sound so obnoxious , then he needs to take some vocal lessons and try to bring out the ying ( masculine side ) in his voice . he needs to hear a few billy eckstine lp's . i do n't think he can change but here 's hoping he 'll take my advice . as far as you buying this cd it is your decision , this is just my honest opinion 
camera pos 91.txt i bought this camera owning 2 more digital cameras . one kodak and another canon ( a70 ) . amazing product.. . pro.. . almost everything. . cons.. . no audio on video i definetly recommend the product for the price 
camera pos 317.txt this lens has only two " faults . " first , it is big and heavy- -quality construction often yields a heavy lens . second , once the photographer has seen the results that this lens can produce , there is a likelihood that he or she will be unhappy with the other lenses in the camera bag . results first : the images are razor sharp with this zoom mounted on my nikon d70s . i can get shots that i never could get before because this lens is so crisp that subjects taken at a distance nevertheless can be cropped to produce an acceptable close-up image . subjects taken at more normal distances are breathtakingly sharp- -as if shot with an excellent prime lens . this is a fast lens ( f / 2.8 throughout its entire zoom range ) . almost more importantly , this lens has the best " bokeh " that i have ever experienced in a lens . " bokeh , " to the extent that i understand the concept ( it is a japanese word meaning roughly " unfocused " ) , is a word describing whether the out-of-focus portion of an image ( i.e. a blurred background in a photo in which only the subject is in focus ) has a pleasing look to it . this lens produces wonderful , creamy bokeh . the sharpness and bokeh , combined with the excellent bright color rendition of this lens , makes this one a true classic . i have occasionally experienced minor ghosting on this lens when shooting into a very bright subject , i.e. the sun reflecting off of the ocean . this is a normal shortfall of a zoom lens comprised of a multitude of elements , and i have sometimes experienced this . but such occasions are rare . the autofocusing action of this lens is very good . even birds at very long distances usually produce a quick , snappy autofocus lock on my nikon d70s . very seldom does it " hunt " for an af lock , and these occasions are likely due to operator error rather than the lens . this lens also features vibration reduction ( vr ) which enables it to produce acceptable images below what an f / 2.8 lens would otherwise be suitable for . the vr really works , too , although it is by no means a panacea for dim lighting . this is one of nikon 's professional lenses , and the quality of construction is excellent . the critical mount is metal , and the entire lens is built like a tank . the lens comes with a nice squeeze-style lens cap , and a very good lens hood that can be easily reversed for storage . the reader can see that i am extremely enamored with this lens . the reason is that , notwithstanding its bulk and weight , this lens produces the best nature shots that i have ever managed to take , by far . 
software neg 895.txt please see reviews of the previous version 7.0. the adobe activation process can cause a lot of continuing problems for legitimate users of this software . too bad such good software is hampered by such a process . being in the software business , i do n't mind companies worrying about piracy and taking some measures but this is a bit too much . you might need to allow the software to access the internet regularly to keep your activation ( and not bother you with notices of reactivation ) but that also means you open it for adobe to do their push marketing into their software . i have used adobe products for over 15 years and have always liked them . too bad , they have lost the customer focus in their rage for software piracy and greed for intrusive marketing 
dvd pos 36.txt the chronological donald vol.2 was the second box of my collection , after i happen collected the first one . the tin box contains 2 dvd9 look very precious.but the shipment made its had some ding . if you like disney , you do n't miss this treasures collection . the dvd content very classical and a lot of fun for your children 
health neg 410.txt i 've tried this razor for 5 weeks , both wet and dry and can only say that this is the worst electric razor that i 've ever used . it does n't give a close shave and requires a second shave with a standard razor to remove some of the stubble . i should have bought a new norelco instead of this . my old norelco always shaved me close . this panasonic would still be handy as a travel razor , or to be used in a pinch . but for a close shaving everyday razor , this is n't the one to buy . oh well , i waited too long to send it back 
books neg 130.txt oh dear . this is another book like the horrible " who moved my cheese ? " that attempts to manipulate grown adults by treating them like children . like the aforementioned " who thinks my cheese stinks ? " ( or whatever it is called ) , i saw some people in the organisation where i work trying to sneakily weave it into the corporate culture and it lasted about five days . it 's all about making work " fun " . yep , work can be " fun " . tell that to the folks who work in hospital waste disposal . or maybe those who deal with animal cruelty cases . of course , it 's just great " fun " to deal with children who have just had their parents killed , or folks who just lost their kids . because that 's what work is - " fun " - or so this book would have you believe you can convince your workers . of course in the examples i have listed above , it does n't really work too well , because this is really about getting people in perceived lower-end occupations like factories or call-centres to believe their mind-numbing daily tasks can be " fun " . myself , i do have some " fun " at work , but probably like many people with more than one brain cell , it is based on having a laugh with my co-workers about the sheer absurdity of where our work life often takes us . you can call this cynicism , which is probably how it would be viewed by people who buy into this dumb " fish " -style " work must be fun " philosophy . i 'd call it black humour , but it keeps people sane and makes difficult work more bearable . as to the title of my review - this method of making the workplace " fun " in a forced way is very useful if you have employees that you wish to isolate and marginalise . first immerse people in the cult-like atmosphere and tell them that they are now to regard work as " fun " . second , let them know that they now " choose " their attitude - if they are unhappy in any way ( regardless of them doing their work well or not ) , they are " letting the team down " and not complying with the obligation to " make work fun " . third , while the majority of victims or workers , however you choose to view your prey , swallow the " work is fun " message and display the behaviour of sea lions clapping to get a mouthful of fish , you can point to those who have shown a small streak of individual identity and are not having fun at work and use the enron-style message that they " just do n't get it " . in this way , the resistant individual can be said to be " incompatible with our mission and values " , " bad for morale " or just " out of step " . in this way , the " fun-loving " workers , who have now taken on the costume of " forced false fun " can be set against them . of course this will compound their unhappiness and isolate them further until they are totally marginalised and can be tossed on the scrapheap or forced to resign . this book is useful then , if you wish to convince idiots that their " work is fun " . just do n't try it on a group of people with a brain between them who might take their work seriously . they might tell you to stick your " fish " where the sun does n't shine 
books pos 950.txt the trilogy just stunned me and i worked at trying to understand its complexities . then i read this book , and everything made sense . at first i declared that the trilogy was better than ' the lord of the rings ' but could not explain why . this book nails it . it will be wonderful if you read the trilogy , read this book , and share everything with your children . remember when ' expanding your consciousness ' was all the rage ? no ? that 's ok . all these books do it with a basis in science . buy the darn books . buy them for your friends 
music neg 321.txt i can understand that robin felt a need to include some of the biggest bee gees hits to appease the fans , but the ones that were sung by barry are below wretched here . robin frequently disappears in the sound mix , becoming little more than one of a group singing harmony . that 's fine for a group concert , like the bee gees , but inexcusable for a solo effort . his stiff between song talk sounds like a bad lounge act . they should have kept this in the can . it seems like it is meant as little more than a money grab for robin . do n't do him the favor 
health neg 47.txt picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price . did n't do a thing for me . wipe it on , let it haze and wipe it off . no difference . 
music pos 808.txt much improved voice , same great guitar . slow album , especially on his two remakes . country sound on no reason to cry ( beautiful solo ) . this cd would have been a 6 stars had he mixed in a thunderstorm to the background of gonna rain today 
music pos 919.txt whoa.. . this cd rocks , one of my favorite anti-flag albums for sure . this cd may not be what some of the harder punk fans want from anti-flag but i think it also shows they 're growth as a band . they can play more than just really loud hard punk ( though they play that awesome too ! ! ) . some of the songs on this album incredibly powerful , and some are really catchy too . war sucks lets party is a great anarchist anthem , and one trillion dollars is amazingly moving ( i mean , seriously ! 1 trillion $ spent on weapons around the world in 2004 ! ) every track is good and has its own message ! they seem to have no problem coming up w / new songs.. . there are so many things to ridicule in our gov . i just wish that more people would listen to this band 's message . peace and lov 
software neg 269.txt on the front of the box it says it can be used for professional photo editing and has 20 , 000 professionally designed projects , when i received the box it had a disclaimer that the photos cannot be used for products for re-sale , i purchased this product to do a work at home video and spent all morning evaluating the different software 's and now i find out it is totally worthless to me . i went to there website and it says allow 4-6 weeks for a refund ! i am going to turn them into the ftc for false advertisement 
dvd pos 577.txt although tomorrow is yesterday is an okay episode , it is not one to rave about.it is certainly not one of the original series ' best . however , return of the archons is one of the best and one of my favourites.kirk , spock and mccoy investigate a planet where the inhabitants appear to be in a drug-induced state then rapidly change from walking peacefully and amiably along the streets into violent and looting maniacs that seem to lose all inhibitions . a mob attacks kirk and crew and they are forced to defend themselves with their phasers . it seems the planet is run by a man named landru , who advocates peace and tranquility to the extent that you get " absorbed " .a kind of brainwash conditioning into thinking only of harmony and serenity.later it is discovered that landru is a computor projection ; the edict of landru who died 5 , 000 years ago has been continued by a computer i just read a review saying the solution to the landru mystery wo n't surprise anyone , it sure surprised me . i did n't see that one coming 
dvd pos 532.txt in the days of the arcades there was a good movie that came out ( and funny enough had a great arcade game ) called krull . now mind you , i really had no idea what this movie was all about before i saw it ( when i was a whole bunch younger ) just saw the 5 bladed " glaive " and was sold but now as an adult i find i still like this movie and it reminds me of a true dungeons and dragons style adventure then almost any other movie ( including those terrible scifi d&d movies ugh ) it starts off with a prince and of course a princess yes been done before many many times but then in come the slayers and from then on its a totally different experience . with such ultimate favorites as the emerald seer , the widow of the web and the cyclops and of course the shapeshifting ( a bit daft too ) wizard with some very strange habits ( i dare not tell you so as not to ruin it ) but this is a classic movie and it will be good for generations to come . pros : cool effects ( for the time ) good story well done plot and themes cons : may be a bit too old for some and not flashy enough . but remember it is a tad old . its a 5 star easily some may not agree but judge the movie on its merits and not against those of today and anyone can see the care and detail that made this movie great 
health pos 479.txt i love this book light ! it has survived countless drops to the hardwood floor by me and my 2 year old . it works great with hardback and paperback books . this is by far the best book light i have ever used 
dvd pos 189.txt ' big trouble ' has a lot of big things going for it...big laughs , big plot , big cast...and because of all this it loses a peg or two...for there 's just sooooo much for it to keep up with itself...you get somewhat lost in the jumble . the film stars tim allen in the central role , if you could call it that , as a journalist who gets himself and his son ( foster ) thrown into one weirdly twisted plot involving crazed criminals ( sizemore & knocksville ) a hitman ( farina ) a wealthy jerk-off of a man ( tucci ) , the mans wife ( russo ) her daughter ( zooey ) a homeless man that resembles jesus ( lee in a histerical role ) some mobsters , dimwitt cops ( garofalo & warburton ) , fbi agents with attitude ( heavy-d & epps ) and a toad that sprays hallucinogenic saliva . see all that and i have n't even got to the plot , but it 's one of those things you 'd have to see to really understand . lets just say everyone has a different agenda and they all get in each others way until everyones agenda changes to be someone elses entirly . does that sum it up ? it 's funny , real funny , but it 's also tightly woven without much room to adjust since it moves at such a frantic pace , keeping you watching closly to understand all that 's going on . it 'll mae sense in the end though , i promise 
camera pos 378.txt what 's not to like ? light , compact and comes with the strap , case and wipe cloth . they are perfect . keep in mind 12 power can be more challeging to hold still 
music neg 798.txt this cd should have been called " the most annoyingly overplayed songs of the 1990's . " with the exception of " shine , " every single track on this cd is juvenile , mindless , fluff that was overplayed on the radio in the radio until you were ready to scream ! if you 're looking for a cd that represents the greatest music of the 1990 's , check out non stop 90 's rock or forever 90 's instead . however , you might be interested in this cd if you want to host a cheesy 90 's dance party . the songs are kind of fun and catchy if you listen to them in moderation 
music pos 53.txt this is not only brian eno 's best album , but one of the finest albums ever made- -a work of simple beauty , complex intelligence , and imagination. . 
health neg 565.txt i have tried other products before and this one gets the whitest results the fastest . however , i was in so much pain about 5 hours afterwards that it even hurt to swallow advil . i used sensodyne and a flouride mouthwash to try to help , but nothing seemed to work . the taste is n't bad and i used the bleach with my own trays that i had made by my dentist , so it did n't leak out or touch my gums . my teeth were n't sensitive while i was using it or even right afterwards , but later in the day . if you have sensitive teeth , i do not recommend this product unless you are willing to go through the pain 
health pos 571.txt this was almost too strong for me at first . i put it on the lower level of the house and it took away that " basement " smell for months . i was impressed with the " throw " this thing had . i would definitely repurchase . 
books neg 106.txt this book is a sure snooze-fest . luckily for me i did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class . we read selected chapters of the book . they writing was horrible . many parts were unclear . i had to reread what i read over and over . i ca n't stand this style of writing . barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent . instead , he comes off as boring and pretentious . skip this book.. . try something else 
dvd neg 13.txt " con express " has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it 
health neg 833.txt i purchased this orange humidifer and promptly returned it . i already have the penguin which is also by this company...and that one worked perfectly . i do n't know if it is because of the design...but this one shuts off after about ten minutes of running . you have to constantly shake it to get it going again . obviously a manufacturer error . i must say it is completely adorable and asthetically a complete pleasure to look at . my kids wanted me to keep it because it was that cute . but , it just did n't work 
camera neg 490.txt it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so 
camera pos 821.txt the product was easy to use and accurate . it is also a great buy 
camera pos 684.txt i purchased the axion 10.4 " frame for my wife to replace a defective polaroid frame from a different source . the axion stacked up quite nicely to the other " more expensive " frame . the axion is viewable from more angles than the polaroid frame with a cheaper price tag . quality of the display is better on the axion and we have not had any technical issues . pros : brightness control color and contrast of display ease of setup and operation good sound from speakers on music playback cons : slide show transitions are from top to bottom only . different transitions would be a nice feature . remote does not control volume of music . overall the advantages of this frame outweigh the disadvantages . we have been very happy overall with this purchase 
dvd neg 370.txt this movie is just terrible ; even more than most of the predictably terrible films in this genre . women with terrible haircuts , dirty homes filled with poor taste in furniture , jobs a 16 year old would have - or no jobs at all , awkward behavior , barely able to function socially...uh+gh ! the truth is , there are gay women out there who look great , have beautiful homes , have very progressive and meaningful careers , have talent and are entertaining and sexy . who says this is representative ? ? not in my world it isn't . i am so sick of these painful displays of us . anyone who gave it over 2 stars is childishly defending the genre in general , and not talking about this stinker of a film . the filming is poor , the sound is dull...do n't waste your time . 
music pos 303.txt this guy is going to become big someday . i agree with this reviewer : " the songs on " seven swans " , with a folksy bucholic feeling that runs through most of them , tell of spiritual tales . they tell of love that transcends the body and age . sufjan can appeal equally to the christian person as to the one who practices zen buddhism . and that is something few songwriters can accomplish . keep an eye on sufjan for years to come . " i have fun tooling around with " to be alone with you " on the guitar , such a simple but infectious melody . " seven swans " is not over orchestrated like " michigan " and " illinois " seem to be . good song to ok song ratio is about 85 percent on this one and about 45-50 percent on the the aforementioned cd's . " seven swans " is a great way to get introduced to the subtle musical power and overall genius of sufjan . sufjan has all his own style and is not afraid to tell us who he is . very creative...he truly forges his own musical path . cannot wait for his cd called " wisconsin . " 
health pos 478.txt i 've had my son in huggies brand since he was born . i started out with newborns and just went up in size . i loved them and they never sagged ( unless they were really full ) . i loved the trim look to them . when i had to get pampers brand because the store was out , the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load . even if i had just put them on and they were dry ! when my son was 1 , he decided to take off the " tape " on the daipers and he just would not keep it on . so i switched him to pull ups . he kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years . sometimes they did leak at night , because he went too much , but if i changed him once a night he was fine . now that he 's older , i do n't have to change him , because he does n't go at night . these are really best out there , and they do n't look like they are always sagging like other diapers 
camera neg 990.txt decent camera , but not great . shark mode is nice . housing looks good , but mine leaked at ~20 ft...camera was dead by the time i got it out of the water . good news is that amazon processed the defective product return rapidly and credited my account in about a week . net result was one decent picture and a disappointing christmas present . next time i will buy a housing for a better camera . canon has some nice ones 
books neg 7.txt noam chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his , yours , and mine - the united states of america . he has made millions of dollars teaching , lecturing , selling his books , and investing . his world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved . his infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own jewish ethnicity and the u.s. , in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the united states . he has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of american foreign policy . he goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism , when he always ranks the u.s. and israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now , and even in history . his distrust of any authority , benign or otherwise , is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the " underdog , " even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as al queda or hezbollah . yet since 1955 , hypocrite chomsky has worked for the " overdog " massachusetts institute of technology , which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of war and mass destruction , and continues to this very day . chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the united states and the jewish state . if he were not so attached to the freedom of making money , earning the adulation of the american left , and freedom to express himself , he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in north korea , iran , or syria . let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much , the united states of america . god bless america , which will continue to give chomsky the right to speak , teach , and make lots of money . raybo 
books neg 510.txt i 'm an electrical engineer and in the telecomm buisness . i 've read a lot of books on communications and this has to be one of the worst , luckily i did n't pay for it . the writing is poor and it does n't commuicate ideas clearly . there is better books out there on the exact same subject 
dvd pos 379.txt this movie is great . i just bought it the other day and rushed home to watch it . i throughly enjoyed it entirely , i believe it kind of relates to fatal attraction 
dvd pos 224.txt i loved this movie . my mom told me about it and i have never heard of it befor so i thought i would check it out . it was great , on all time thiller . 
software pos 167.txt this is a good software for casual use ( hiking , biking , geocaching ) , but not without issues . on the positive side , it definitely beats all non-digital ( scanned usgs maps ) alternatives . the level of details is good enough ( how many of us need to know topography down to 5 feet ? ) . the fact that maps are digitally generated ( with vectors i believe ) makes all the labels clear at any scale . it has two advantages over its main " digital " competitor , ng topo . first , all of the us is on one dvd for the price of separate state / region cds from ng . and second , it is available . i could not even find ng 's northeast edition anywhere on the web ! one might think nh and me are some obscure corners of the globe and not big tourist destinations . now the few negatives . the exchange feature with gps is flaky . sometimes it takes several tries of unplugging and replugging the cable and restarting the program before it recognizes my garmin . part of it could be that low and mid range gps still have serial connection and are not truly plug-and-play even with com-to-usb adapter ( beats me why garmin ca n't make all their gps with usb in this day and age ) . in any case , regardless of whose fault it is , it is annoying at times not to be able to connect the two smoothly . the second problem i noticed was with the 3-d window . it clearly consumes a lot of memory and crashes my laptop if i do a lot of rapid rescaling . i ended up just closing that window , since it is pretty much for " coolness " and does not add any real topographical value . finally , i had a problem with delorme 's service . i purchased it from amazon with a rebate offer . however , a month after submitting the necessary info i received a card from delorme stating that the bar code i sent was not a upc code . the box only had one bar code on it so i am not sure how i could have made a mistake . they requested that i send a correct one , but with the code cut out and gone , how do they expect me to come up with one ? ! i feel a little bit like that was a cheap way out of paying the rebate but $20 is not worth the time arguing with them over it . i would be interested to hear if anyone else experienced the same problem . 
software pos 842.txt excellent product one any computer owner must own and install for efficient and safe daily opperation online.quick delivery with ideal ups tracking ensureing accuate deivery and not to mention the best price online , bravo zulu ! good show amazon 
health neg 229.txt it does n't really smell like anything , and the heat creates dampness on what ever you put it on . but it is a good size and shape 
health neg 726.txt i decided to try the caffeine free mega-t because i quit caffeine a couple years ago and did n't want a diet supplement with caffeine . i only needed to lose 10 pounds . took as directed for 1 week . also followed the diet and exercise program per the enclosed pamphlet . after 1 week , to my dismay , i actually gained 3 pounds ! i contacted cca industries , the company that makes mega-t , and they promptly informed me that they have a 30 day guarantee and to return them , along with my receipt , for a refund . i shipped them back yesterday . i gave a 2 star rating because of cca industries ' customer service 
books neg 871.txt the only good thing about this book is that it was short . even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country , gary hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again . ok , the monroe doctrine is important , i get it ! i read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and i cannot remember a book as bad as this . if you want a quick view of james monroe , you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that 
software pos 263.txt definitely worth the money . for example , excel is a great program . it is pretty easy to use and not too hard to figure out . you can add up figures in a snap . this product provides a great service to companies because of the usefulness of this software . 
dvd neg 138.txt if you have read harmon 's acting resume online , then you know she has talent , she has the training , and the ability to really play a good dramatic role if one came along . but being a mild conservative ( angie is a republican ) in liberal hollywood can useually mean that the film companies give her really medicore scripts to look at . good advice was bad advice for her . it is miscast with two annoying stars ; sheen and richards...and some of the worst scenes and dialoge ever in a movie . it has no redeaming values at all and angie deserves better roles then this . this movie was made by artiscan films , which recently went into bankruptcy and is now lions gate films , their films are still bad no matter the name change , and i still wait to see a better movie come to angie harmon 
dvd neg 1000.txt i seen this movie , do n't buy it ! ! ! it 's not worth anything . i have it on vhs , boring action . purchase the other three home alones , they 're the best than this movie ! ! 
music pos 981.txt first of all i 'm a die hard ufo fan , i own every ufo album not just the michael shenker cd's ...some of you fools reviewing the ufo albums without michael ..1 ) do the band a disservice 2 ) are smokin crack , and 3 ) are very inept in your musical judgement . while i 'm a huge shenker fan he is far from the greatest guitar god , and i hate to break the news to ya 's but for overall sound / effect and appeal paul chapmans just good as michael on many a song . that bein said making contact is one of the top five ufo albums made ! ! ! ! the top five ufo albums any fan should get are ( phenomenon , lights out , no place to run , making contact , and walk on water ) along with the two live cd 's bbc , and strangers in the night . misdemeaner has some cool 80 's guitar and is an attempt at mainstream ( and they deserve to be mainstream ) so who can blame them , and some of these songs are pretty cool...if , i might add if you have an open mind ( so that excludes most of you shenker diehards ) ........... 
health neg 341.txt the idea was great and i did enjoy the warm lotion , however i used it three times and put it back in the box . the on / off switch is located on the top of the dispenser and each and every time i turned it off lotion squirted everywhere making a huge mess and if you leave it on all the time the lotion gets hard and dries out . would love to recommend it but i just can't . i use lotion a couple of times a day due to dry skin and thought this would be a great item for me it just didnt measure up 
books neg 343.txt i have never been a fan of danielle steel 's books and have only read a couple in my lifetime , and those many years ago . i 'm not sure what motivated me to pick up toxic bachelors - - extreme boredom ? insanity ? - - but i slogged through it last night and have to say that it confirmed all my bad impressions of this writer 's work . actually , i think i was a little surprised by how awesomely bad it was . the writing was completely repetitive and superficial , and i rather felt that i was reading a treatment for a novel rather than the novel itself . it read like a poor book report : " ...and then he did this , and then he did this , and after that he did this , and then he laughed . " we are told that the bachelors - - who struck me as commitment-phobic , a little neurotic , and fairly immature despite their ( middle ) age , but not necessarily toxic - - are decent , likable guys , but we never really see too much proof of that . when the " proof " does come , it 's so ham-handed as to be laughable : charlie 's eyes well up with tears when he meets a young girl who was abused by her mother , and so we know that he truly does have a loving and compassionate soul and untold complexities to his character . yeahsurerightwhatever . most of the story is told through narration , with little bits and pieces of ho-hum dialogue . the author adopted a third-person point of view , but there 's certainly nothing omniscient about it , and the reader is never sucked into the head of one of these characters . throughout the book they remain about as interesting and dimensional as paper dolls , and their interactions with one another always struck me as being fairly unbelievable . this is how men behave and relate to one another ? i find that hard to believe , considering that none of the men i know run around telling each other how much they love one another and how important they are to each other . i liked the female characters of the book initially . they all seemed to be strong , capable , independent and emotionally healthy women . but my opinion of each diminished greatly toward the end of the book , as each woman seemed all too willing to disregard her personal boundaries and put up with extreme schmuckiness from her man . and the conflicts steel generated amongst the couples seemed ridiculous : mountains out of molehills . for instance , gray , the 50-year-old artist who has always been phobic about family , refuses to meet the adult children of the woman he 's been with for several months and whom he claims to love . nevermind the fact that he 's known about the adult children since the very beginning . nevermind the fact that the adult children live in england and italy , while gray and sylvia are new yorkers . nevermind the fact that they have their own lives and are independent , self-sufficient adults who maintain their relationship with their mother through frequent phone calls and less frequent face-to-face visits . evidently gray ca n't see beyond the fact that they are " kids " and therefore " family " and therefore not to be tolerated . sorry , but whatever sympathy i 'd developed for gray by this point disappeared altogether when confronted by this monstrous display of immaturity . dump the weenie , sylvia . you can do better . the other two guys had similar displays of gross ridiculousness , and of course everything was wrapped up magically , with sudden capitulation , as if the men had just suddenly come to their senses . considering what little time and effort was spent on these characters , their conflicts and resolution , i have to wonder why steel even bothered writing this book . and why i bothered reading i 
dvd pos 591.txt this jet li movie is thus far the best movie since shaolin temple as younger jet li . its awesome surreal fighting creates this epic feel to the whole genre of martial arts fighting . jet li has never been so swift and so passionate in this movie . it has laughter , suspense , compassion , and innocense . the most spectacular scene is the dual fights with his son doing foot to shoulder cambat against the witches pawn . this film is highly recommended to those who love jet li and crouching tiger , hidden dragon . an excellent movie to add to the jet li collection 
software neg 652.txt ordered version 1.06 , but was sent v . 1.05. lavasoft website will upgrade the old version if i send them my order number . however they will not accept an amazon number . amazon customer support said sorry , that they would accept a return and provide a refund.i will be more careful where i buy software in the future 
books pos 638.txt i teared when i read parts of the book , but it is such an awesome book ! i did n't want to put that book down until i was completely finished reading it . i definetely recommend it to anyone with children . i loved it , and i plan on keeping up with my letter box to my son 
dvd pos 662.txt one could review kingdom of heaven on a lot of levels ... as an action packed medieval adventure / romance ... as a vehicle for some of your favorite actors ... or as a statement about humanity 's less than perfect attempts to find spiritual meaning in life in a way that does n't lead to warfare with people of differing points of view . i was expecting mostly the first two ... and was pleasantly surprised to find a reasonable amount of the third . my favorite quote from the movie summed up a powerful feeling i 've had about spirituality for some time now : " god will understand , my lord . and if he does n't , then he is not god and we need not worry . " why people so infrequently ask themselves whether the god they believe in really makes sense to their hearts or not , i do n't know . and when i heard these words coming from the screen , i realized " someone out there understands ... we do n't find god in books or doctrine or sermons ... we know god in our hearts , or not at all " . this character looked to his heart and knew ... god will understand ... and anyone who does n't is surely not god , no matter what someone else might claim . and if you loved the movie , you 'll enjoy this dvd ... it 's a classy widescreen handling of a film that 's visually rich and deserves to be seen in it 's cinematic format . with gorgeous scenery and delightful characters and costuming , i ca n't imagine watching such a visually appealing film in less than wide screen form . 
software pos 269.txt i have used synmatec products for many years and have been fairly pleased by them . however , do n't buy the upgrade or renew your subscription until after your current subscription runs out because synmatec will not give you credit for the un-used portion of your previous subscription . i asked and they said " no way " . that aspect of " customer service " is very disappointing 
health pos 924.txt flax is a plant . the seeds in the flax plant are filled with flaxseed oil , ( sometimes called linseed oil ) . the seeds contain fatty oils called alpha-linolenic acid ( ala ) and linoleic acid . ala is the omega-3 oil in flaxseed . flaxseed contains both omega-3 fatty acids and omega-6 fatty acids . flaxseed is nature 's richest storehouse of omega-3 fatty acids , and contains more than twice as much omega-3 oil as fish oils , and it costs less , ounce for ounce . flax also contains other important substances like lignans , which may protect against some types of cancer . the husks of the seeds are rich in mucilage . both the seed oil and mucilage have many nutritional and therapeutic properties . there are many potential benefits from taking flax seed oil : flaxseed oil lowers cholesterol levels , thereby improving cardiovascular health and lessening the risk of arteriosclerosis . flaxseed also contains plant nutrients like phytoestrogens . these are natural estrogen-like substances that can lessen the discomfort of menopause . flaxseed oil may lower high blood pressure . flaxseed oil helps some people improve their psoriasis and eczema , as it has anti-inflammatory properties . flaxseed may also reduce the itching , swelling , and redness associated with certain skin disorders such as acne . flaxseed oil has a positive effect on rheumatoid arthritis due to its ability to calm inflammation . flaxseed reduces ldl ( low-density lipoprotein ) cholesterol ( the body 's " bad cholesterol " ) and lowers triglyceride levels . research shows that flaxseed oil gives much better protection against heart attacks than canola oil or olive oil . taking flaxseed may reduce cancer risk . this is because flaxseed contains the richest sources of lignan building blocks , which play a major role in preventing cardiovascular diseases and cancer . new research indicates that the lignans in flaxseed have both short-term and long-term protective effects against colon cancer . nature made flaxseed oil is a quality source of flaxseed oil , as the company is well-known and reputable . one tip : keep your flaxseed oil away from light and heat , as both degrade the oil . the usual beneficial dose of flaxseed oil is 2-3 capsules once per day taken with a meal . the benefits of flaxseed oil are cumulative . commit to taking it every day without fail . like any herbal supplement , do n't expect dramatic quick results . the results you get will be subtle at first and then build over time . for specific conditions such as rhematoid arthritis , exzema , psoriasis , acne , etc , . the results should be apparent in 4-8 weeks . be patient ! know that even if you do n't " feel " different , you are sill protecting your body from the harmfull effects of many disease conditions . jim " konedog " koeni 
software pos 4.txt adobe photoshop has a long history of being the best software in the business . it 's only downside is that it may seem a bit daunting to the beginning user . there is , however , a plethora of texts , tutorials , learning guides , and even video 's to help abate the learning curve 
camera neg 581.txt i spent a couple hours , trying to get transfer dv from my camcorder to my mac powerbook . after hours and hours i had to realize that the usb cable delivered with the sony camcorder was absolutely worthless . if you do n't own a sony vaio ( which in my opinion just a overdesigned peace of fancy 007 gear with an i.link connection , which no other pc / mac has ) your getting frustrated pretty quick . i would have given the cable a 5 star rating , but the way i had to get the cable , by having to buy it seperately , is a big rip off . however i found the exact same cable in an apple store called " thin fire wire " . the exact same cable ( 1.8 meter 4 to 6 pin to be exact ) for only $29 and it works just fine . so check out an apple store near you and save some money . shame on you sony 
software pos 639.txt microsoft really got it right this time . it is the best of the best 
dvd pos 42.txt i really liked this film . before michael moore became a liberal celebrity , he was a completely obscure magazine writer and filmmaker . this film was a major underground hit at the time , and it still is excellent today . you really feel for the people who lose their jobs , and you 're infuriated by the callous indifference of roger smith and the management of general motors . i really liked the segment where flint tries to reinvent itself as tourist mecca of the midwest . it consisted of a horribly misguided attempt at opening up a hilton in downtown flint , and opening up a theme park called auto world . it justs smacks of desperation and stupidity ; it has make you laugh and grimace at the same time . instead of giving these people really good jobs again , they come up with this idiotic scheme , which ended up in disaster ( both the hilton and auto world closed within a year ) . moore in recent years has become a " political celebrity " , in that politics has become quite the cottage industry in america . it 's not just moore doing it ; right wingers like hannity and coulter have been doing it too . they all got books ; some of them got films ; some of them have radio shows . a lot of them are n't really interested in changing anything , as it might interfere with their livelihoods . i do n't know if moore is like that or not . but this is still a potent , darkly funny film about real class warfare , and the dismantling of the working class in america . 
software pos 284.txt i highly recommend microsoft digitial image suite 10 and the free gimp programs for all of your digital imaging needs ! ! ! ( ... ) dis 10 should be out now. . 
software neg 194.txt i am very disappointed with this product . using the features of it are very difficult ( red eye , sizing , etc. ) in addition , digital photos downloaded into photo album 6 are of poor quality / clarity on the computer screen . i expected more from it but have found i have less . i will not buy an upgrade but rather will look for another product with similar and more easy use features 
books pos 261.txt perhaps the long shadow of francis parkman has discouraged historians from writing about the french and indian war ( seven year 's war ) . whatever the reason it 's good to see from the publication of several books that americans are taking a renewed interest in the pre-revolutionary period when the british were triumphant and the indians still counted as a political force . it 's past time for a thorough revision of parkman - - who was ungenerous with the indians although i thrilled as a young reader to his descriptions of their ferocity - - for example , the " insensate fury " of the iroquois . actually , the iroquois were less insensate than they were astute . calloway omits the bloody details and vivid writing of parkman but he gives us a thorough picture of what happened in the wake of the english victory over the french in north america . in particular he focuses on the frontier and the built-in conflict of american settlers , british policy , and the indian tribes who either went down to defeat with the french or were betrayed by perfidious albion . they made their point , however , in pontiac 's war and by clearing white settlers from the frontier . but their numbers were declining and they would soon be overwhelmed . this is a good book about the issues of the frontier between whites and indians . in addition , there 's a good account of the french movement from canada to louisiana and the spanish rule in florida and the trans-mississippi . smallchief 
health neg 428.txt this thing is a cheap piece of plastic , and for the same price you can get the larger , nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well . i can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor . it has a nice design in terms of look and it 's compact . i also enjoy the lights for ambiance . but for relaxation , this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it 's worth 
camera neg 43.txt last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months 
camera neg 292.txt bought the charger and an extra battery . when my camera battery started getting low i tried to charge the batteries and the device just sat there trying to charge but never charged the batteries . competely useless . have to go buy a different charger 
camera pos 950.txt this camera case is great . it 's very small and fits my coolpix 4600 perfectly . there is enough room to fit an extra memory card and some batteries ( but the batteries make it tight ) . i originally purchased the camera case listed for the 4600 , but it was a little bulky and the zipper could scratch the camera if you are n't careful . this camera case does not come with a strap like the other , but that is something i would never use . i highly recommend this case for those who want a small sleek case to protect their camera . 
health pos 249.txt i have been using kiss my face olive oil soap for years , and i wo n't let any other soap touch my face ! i found it when i was searching for a soap that would n't make my skin itch all over after a shower . i can tell you that after years and years , my sensitive skin has never once itched after i used kmf ! the soap is mild , with a neutral scent , which is a big plus . it cleans great , but does n't leave my skin dried out . the 8 ounce bars are a bit large , but worth the wait until they shrink down to a size that 's easier for us smaller-hands people 
software pos 655.txt at home , i 've been a mac user since 1991. i also have been something of a linux fanatic too and have used several distros , mostly red hat and now fedora core . at work , however i have used ms-dos , windows 3.11 , 95 , 98 and xp . it 's fair to say i have never liked microsoft . but on a laptop i use at work ( an older gateway 400vtx with a 2.2ghz intel celeron ) , i just upgraded to vista home basic . i also upgraded the memory to its maximum 1gb . and despite my years of eschewing microsoft , guess what ? i must say i really like the os . it runs fine on my slower system and i had no problems installing and no conflicts with drivers . i think microsoft has really made a " cool " os 
music neg 990.txt there 's always the argument that if bach had had a modern piano , he would have composed for it . let 's consider another possibility : if some style-insensitive time machine had delivered a piano to bach 's doorstep , he might have tried it out and rejected it as a bad idea , since it so obviously fails to serve the paramount musical ideals that inspired the high baroque composers . for listeners who understand what bach meant by equal temperament , it 's worth noting that the standard temperament of the modern piano bears no close connection to what bach was trying to demonstrate in these " pedagogical " compositions . in other words , the point is lost . 
dvd pos 901.txt this dvd is one of the best i have seen . only britney spears live tops this in picture quality.ricki sings his best songs in front of new york city backdrop . he put alot of energy into this concert.the sound quality is the best and picture quality is also great . a little bit less fuzz on some objects would have been nice ! but still its great and colorfull with all the lights on stage 
health pos 949.txt it works very well . i bought it for my wives calves . she has thick ones and after working out it become more thick . using this product , her calves become soft and getting thin . i 've used it too , i can relax with it because it helps the blood circulation . 
software pos 306.txt i 've been manually doing my taxes for the last few years . they were n't hard as much as time consuming . turbo tax turned an all day project into just a couple of hour 
dvd neg 244.txt the " fake-news " tv movie had already be done , and done better , ten years ealier as " special bulletin " . where the first movie took its subject , nuclear disarmament and terrorism , seriously , this cheese-fest does n't respect the viewers ' intelligence at all . they pull every heartstring and throw every cheap trick they can think of at the camera . not of it ties together in any coherent way and the " make love not war " ending reeks of junior-high-school sophistry 
camera neg 206.txt i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ? 
books pos 763.txt rather a funny novel , gets off to a slow start but the end is superb . worth reading 
music neg 610.txt my 8 year old daughter was very dissappointed after receiving this cd for christmas . it is advertised as the cheetah girls 2 - however these vocals are not sung by the original cheetah girls who are in the movie . the songs just do n't sound the same . it 's very dissappointing that disney does n't tell you this on the cd 
camera pos 350.txt this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet . i use this filter on my 50mm f / 1.8d lens and on my 18-55mm lens . 
camera pos 716.txt i 've had a ton of these , and i take them on camping trips with kids where the main activity is playing in big mud fields . i 've had them in my pocket while rolling around in the mud , taken it out , shot a few pics , put it back in the pocket with no problem . ( see pictures for examples of " mud photos " ) a couple of times i 've had them stand up to so much moisture and abuse that the cardboard falls off , but still had beautiful pictures every time , no jams or over-exposures . i 've found the two pack at walmart on sale for $8.99 a couple of times , and you absolutely cannot be that deal . this is my favorite disposable camera , and i 've tried them all . 
dvd neg 664.txt this was the word used by one reviewer , and it just about sums up the film . another reviewer hit the nail on the head by saying that many young wannabe creative persons start off with highly auto-biographical and introspective pieces of work . usually these are binned , as the person matures . asia seems to have the advantage of a parental environment sufficiently indulgent and well-heeled to let her have her way on film , instead of on scraps of paper like the great majority . but good art is more than self-expression , self-promotion , self-pity and self-indulgence . it should have a satisfying underlying form , say something new to its audience , expose some as yet unperceived truth about life and humanity . art is boring if it merely tells us something we already know , especially if it 's told in a semi-familiar way . most of what asia says in this film we do already know , if we are half-aware of what goes on around us . still , the girl has a cute face , and she 's put a lot of effort into this performance . something more may come with time . 
books pos 877.txt the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols by robert beer ( who has studied and practice tibetan thanga painting for more than thirty years ) is a straightforward reference guide to the meaningful symbolism of sacred tibetan art . black-and-white illustrations depict all the major buddhist symbols and motifs , while the text offers depth and interpretation behind the meaning and usage of each . the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols is enthusiastically recommended for inclusion into buddhist studies and especially informative for connoisseurs of tibetan art 
music pos 250.txt ...else if michigan was on vinyl i would have worn it out by now . illinois was my first venture into the sound-world of sufjan stevens , and no doubt it his most impressive outing to date . however the subtle spendour of the earlier michigan has ousted it as my favourite . perhaps less eclectic and entertaining than illinois , but more soulful and beautiful . ultimately it 's the one i 'd take to the proverbial desert island . there 's not a single track in this 74 minute cd that i 'd want to skip or drop from my mp3 playlist , but highlights for me are romulus ( gentle and heartbreaking ) , sleeping bear ( musically gorgeous ) , and vito 's ordination song ( like being gently hugged ) . p.s. so often the ' bonus tracks ' on a cd can seem superfluous and substandard but the 2 extras on my cd ( marching band and pickerel lake ) are both excellent . 
camera pos 279.txt i absolutely love this camera . i 've told everyone i know to buy it . the picture quality is amazing . there are so many options with this tiny little camera ! you can edit pictures before you even print them . zoom in on a picture already taken and save it that way , and so much more . i take pictures of everything ! i charged the battery when i got the camera , which was about three weeks ago , and it 's still going . i have 7 / 8th of battery life left . i have n't had to charge it again . i am so happy with my purchase ! i hope this helps you 
health neg 924.txt this item is garbage ; i purchased it about a month ago and already dumped it in the trash . sure it looks and sounds good but take it from me , it 's not worth the frustratio 
dvd pos 487.txt arturo bandini ( colin farrell ) arrives from colorado to los angeles . he is an aspiring writer who is getting down to his last nickel . he prays for inspiration to find another interesting story to write . he meets a mexican waitress , camilla ( salma hayek ) in a cafe and they just do n't like each other , or do they ? finally auturo hits the mother lode . a letter he wrote has been changed into a short story for publishing along with a handsome paycheck . it is just enough for him to buy a new suit outfit , a few suppers and pay the rent for a while . arturo is a very well mannered man , but keeps meeting these strange characters that get him all wrong . plays like film noir . the cinematography of 1934 los angeles is wonderful . colin farrell and salma hayek in the moonlit ocean was breathtaking . colin farrell perfected his american accent . very tastefully down skinny-dipping scenes and beautiful to watch . ah ! give colin a break . the water was cold . dvd includes audio commentary , making of.. . , theatrical trailer 
books pos 805.txt " typee " is based on melville 's experiences when , as a young man of 22 , he " jumped ship " from an american whaling vessel on the island of nukuheva in the marquesas islands of the south pacific . it is written in a straightforward narrative manner , but it is a work of fiction , not a journalistic report , something that is often overlooked . while , like " moby dick " , it contains lots of factual details , mostly quite accurate as confirmed by subsequent research , it is a much more complex tale than it appears to be on the surface . for a first novel , written when melville was only 27 years old , the narrative power is quite impressive , as for example in his description of the escape from the ship over the mountains to the valley of the typee . in the early chapters , themes of peace , beauty , and sensuality are combined with melville 's righteous indignation at the activities of western military and religious intruders to create the illusion of an earthly paradise . gradually dread , loneliness , horror , and fear of annihilation come to the fore , as " tommo " , the protagonist , becomes convinced that he is being kept for eventual eating at a ritual cannibal feast . he is finally rescued almost by chance , and because of conflict among the typees . i read the oxford world 's classics paperback edition , which has an introduction by ruth blair , an australian professor of english . it was very helpful with melville 's historical and literary sources and the geographical and cultural context . the chapter on " typee " in " studies in classic american literature " by d.h. lawrence adds a further depth of understanding . newton arvin 's biography of melville helps to place " typee " in the development of melville as a writer . highly recommended in its own right as a superb example of 19th century american romanticism , with hints of the impending metaphysical explosion of " moby dick " 
camera neg 518.txt here 's one more a95 to add to the ever increasing list of e18 failures . thanks to the horror stories from the other posters i 'm not even going to waste my time trying to get this repaired . the camera is only about 2 years old.. . guess i 'll put it back in the box and wait to see the outcome from the class action suits ! the camera really performed nicely when it was working.. . thus the 2 stars . hope you have better luck than me if you get one 
software pos 192.txt i rate this 5 stars based on my knowledge of the fantastic four and x-men complete editions . i 'm writing this review to warn people about my receiving 2 defective copies of the spider-man version from amazon . i 'll have to try a 3rd time 
camera neg 451.txt this is first canon product that has disappointed me with its quality . they must acquire them from their chinese supplier for about 98 cents . this plastic device wobbles even when fully rotated to the detente position . i bought it to use with the canon 250d close-up lens and it 's barely adequate for that function . canon should refund anyone who mistakenly bought one of these hockey pucks . 
software pos 460.txt i am a computer repair tech and i can bet 90% of the problems reported in these reviews for this product is because people double install security programs . you should never install more than 1 antivirus program into your os . most of the decriptions of problems are from doing just that , double installs . please please ..remove / uninstall any previous antivirus programs and 3rd party firewalls . then reboot..use a good registry cleaner-freeware program like ccleaner to remove leftover registry keys , then reboot again and then and only then install your new antivirus / security program . i have this program and when installed properly on a cleaned system , it works great . a very good product at a very good price . i ca n't comment on it 's tech support , i have never used it 
software pos 354.txt sept 15th , 2005 i bought this for my god-daughter after buying mia 's science adventure . i have never been so impressed with a companies product before . you can learn both spanish and french on the same cd . the graphics are amazing , the adventure is stupendous and now lily ( my god-daughter ) is learning spanish . her level is above all her classmates and she 's even started conversing with a mexican girl in our neighbourhood . well worth your money 
camera pos 270.txt i think it very well could be so i 'm not going to differ with those who say it is.i bought this to use with a new 5d and itt 's simply outstanding in every regard . so far , i 've kept it on the 5d and ca n't bring myself to take it off . i considered a couple of lenses , including the is 24-105 f / 4 which has a lot of appeal and the price is about the same . but this was the lens i chose in part because i already have a the 70-300mm f / 4.5-5.6 do is lens and the overlap seemed a waste while the extra stop helps . i have no regrets about it . sharp as a tack and quick . i note that this is not compact lens , especially with the hood on and it can stretch out a lot when you widen the field . it is also not light . this lens and the 5d will give your neck and back a pain , assuming you work with more than one camera . but the focal lengths covered are just about ideal and require none of the compromises that a longer zoom range require . for that , i 've got an 18-200 on a 20d . the 70-300 do , while not an l , specs out in that range and has the virtue of real compactness , but it ' not a lightweight . these two lenses cover just about everything for me . and i can keep the 10-22mm on the 20d for the extra-wide shots . since writing the initial review , i 've since traveled for several weeks with this lens and it fully lived up to expectations . given the difficulties of travel these days , i am concerned about the problem of not being able to carry it with me - - not a problem to date except for britain . but always possible . and , despite the weight , i might favor the 70-200 f / 2.8l is usm as a second travel lens - i like the brightness of the focus . one suggestion . there 's a temptation to use this lens wide open a lot of the time . it 's very good and sometimes that 's the best thing . but i 've also found this lens makes beautiful images stopped down a good deal for short night time exposures on a tripod and a remote release . the effect with lights , etc. is considerably different along with the extended depth of field . 
health pos 262.txt i use this product all the time . it was becoming hard to find in department stores , but i found it available and cheaper online . i 'm very happy . 
software neg 28.txt warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them 
books neg 578.txt while the book covers some interesting aspects of mid and high model rocketry , it is not as comprehensive as other books and dated given the advances in the hobby of the past years . if you are looking for a book to complement your model rocketry library , this will be a useful addition . if you are looking to take the step from basic model rocketry into mid or high power model rocketry , there are other books that better describe " how to " . 
dvd neg 114.txt about the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music . the producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who 's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick , incestuous , and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in . if you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood , do n't watch this 
software neg 475.txt i bought the software some months ago . noticed some problems with my pc in subsequent weeks . did n't put 2 and 2 together . last week however , i 'd come home - no icons on screen - no ability to ctrl-alt_del - each day this would happen . the machine had to be powered on and off to reboot . pulled recent software off machine . yes - you 've guessed - without spy sweeper i have no problems . ok - it might be a conflict with other software - a quick google confirmed my suspicions that others have problems . i was never impressed that it was picking up anything of substance either - but then maybe my machine is clean 
health neg 613.txt i am now going through what everyone else is talking about . finding replacement bulbs . for $20 this is unfortunately for some a " throw away " mirror . at least ours lasted more than 4 weeks 
music pos 136.txt john michael mongomery is back with a big bang . this album is one of the best to come out this year . it 's better than that of travis tritt , alan jackson , and kenny chesney . the song i wanna be there is one of the most touching songs since alan 's where were you . he mixes the soulful ballads , with his country rockers , and sweet love songs . this is vinatage jmm and should be bought by any true country music fan 
dvd pos 480.txt seinfeld-season 6 would see the sitcom finally hit #1 in the nielsen ratings . this was also the season where the storylines became more complicated as jerry , elaine , george , and kramer would all be involved in one caper or another in the same episode . george 's parents , frank and estelle costanza , as well as jerry 's parents , morty and helen seinfeld , and newman are featured more prominently and we also see the debut of several strong role players such as mr. pitt , david puddy , and kenny bania . amazingly , the storylines stayed strong throughout the season as several episodes would become classics . and while jerry was usually considered the weakest of the four main actors , his work improved a lot during this season . disc 1 starts the season out strong with the excellent episodes " the big salad " and " the pledge drive " as well as the hysterical classic , " the couch . " " the chinese woman " and " the gymnast " are also very good episodes , both showing the continuing neuroses of the costanzas . the sitcom always seems to have great episodes on disc 2 and this is no exception with " the soup " , " the switch " , where we finally learn kramer 's first name , and " the race " all being classic episodes . disc 3 is also top notch , featuring the excellent " the scofflaw " , " the kiss hello " , and " the doorman " , also known as " the bro " , as well as the two-part " highlights of 100 " episode . disc 4 starts out with the classic episode " the jimmy " , which earned michael richards an emmy for best supporting actor , the excellent " the fusili jerry " , and the strong season finale , " the understudy " , which mirrors the tonya harding / nancy kerrigan fiasco , only with bette midler , of all people , playing the victim . as usual , the extras are just as strong as the episodes . the running with the egg featurette that shows how an episode of seinfeld is created is probably the best feature thus far in the seinfeld series . the bloopers are also very funny from this season , especially the ones from " the fusili jerry " episode . the deleted scenes , inside looks , exclusive stand-up material , and the notes about nothing are also top notch . although not quite on the level of season 4 , which was their best season , season 6 was another great season for seinfeld as the writing was still top notch and the ensemble cast was running on all cylinders . highly recommended . 
dvd pos 370.txt they just do n't have movies like this anymore . this is not a movie that makes charlie sheen or tom berenger appeal to the young audiences who like flashy stars on sceen . this is amovie to show you the reality of war and experiences that happened to people in the past . charlie sheen stars as a man who volutarily goes to war . this seems odd and he figures out why everyone was looking at him so weird when he was telling them this later in the movie . he finds out alright . keith david plays his friend who tries to keep his spirits up and this is definitely his best role . he cheers him up in a great scene where they get extremely baked . the supporting cast in this movie is unbelievable and no flat performances here . overall this is my favorite movie of all time . it has stood the test of time and never fails when i want to see a good movie . i just have the old special edition , not the 20th anniversary but the extras are very nice . it has a commentary from the direcotor and a seperate one from the military advisor who worked on the film . there is also a lengthy doumentary about the making of and when i saw this i was mroe than glad i got the special edition . you would nto believe what the actors went through ! it is a great making of . 
books neg 410.txt i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back 
dvd pos 894.txt i decided to buy a couple strawberry shortcake movies when my 3 year old daughter received a bunch of strawberry shortcakes for her birthday . these are very cute movies ! they have a couple of cute songs , fun storylines and great messages . 
dvd neg 942.txt when this movie starts it is so dark you ca n't even see anything . the only way you can know what is going on it to read what amazon tells you . after that it is just stupid . 
camera neg 59.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
software pos 46.txt i have been running windows xp sp2 and would " never " want to go back to windows me or windows 98. with the xp , i rarely need to re-boot my system , and my pc no longer freezes up . there is a built-in windows firewall plus a pop-up blocker which are both awesome . the system is much safer , and i have never had a virus , worm , or trojan horse while running the windows xp home with a good internet security / virus program . one thing : make sure you have at least 256 mb of space available in your pc before starting to download , as this does require at least that . get it ! you wo n't be disappointed 
software neg 324.txt this is a terrible product . i could not even load the program onto my machine . i had the same 2006 version and had no trouble loading that one . i sent the product back and requested a refund to my credit card . i cannot recommend this product and if you take a chance and order it i hope that you have better luck then i did 
music pos 400.txt this is a good collection , 15 of supertramp 's best songs and the best single-disc collection of theirs you will find . the sound is great and there are no filler songs , here , they 're all great to listen to . highly recommended 
dvd neg 465.txt i saw this movie and i found it both shocking and choking . it displays children as young as 4 years old smoking cigarettes ! did the filmmakers take into account the damage tobacco could have done to these child stars ? ( yes , the cigarettes and the smoke were real , not cg . ) i think they should have omitted such scenes from the script , because it displays a behavior that 's not only illegal in several countries , but also threatening to both society and childhood . no matter what the other reviewers thought about the movie , i give it a disgusting 1 , and this is the last movie i ever watch that depicts smoking children . to those that have n't yet watched this movie , please do n't watch it , unless you want cancer to win the health wars . and here i hand out a lesson for every active or aspiring moviemaker : if you want to depict smoking children , use computer graphics instead of the real thing 
health neg 75.txt this device is useless for monitoring pulse during activity . one must be absolutely still for the meter to get a clear signal . nor is it useful for monitoring resting pulse , as it seems unable to pick up a pulse unless the heart is pounding . at best , this device might manage to acurately read a pulse after a strenuous activity is concluded 
camera neg 676.txt this camera was easy to use and it was light and had decent quality picture and audio , however , i was unable to make copies for back-up or to share with family members . i took it back and bought a mini-dv camcorder as i was told it was easier to make copies . this has yet to be tested 
software neg 408.txt i am a software tech . i first " free trial " v6 online - 1. finds 131 errors , but will only fix 4 ( must buy full version ! ) . sheesh ! 2. buy full version with 20% off coupon ( 3 computer lic , for only $9.95 more - their web site ) . 3. does not remove left / overs.. . , from old uninstalled pgms . ( fix-it utilities " 6 " safely did - read my review ) . 4. then they only support updates.. . for 1 year - auto-renew ! rip-off ! i got a refund , and will never use them again 
camera neg 424.txt as the previous reviewer pointed out , this is not the klic-5001 1700 mah battery as described in the product details , it is the lower capacity ( 1050 mah ) klic-5000. at least it is the kodak battery , if that matters to you . ( i have a new kodak camera and want to protect the warranty . ) if not , plenty of places sell the generic klic-5001 for less than amazon sells the kodak klic-5000 
health neg 697.txt while one would think it would be impossible to foul up such a simple and common tool , the manufacture has indeed done so . the " spoon " portion of this shoe horn is attached to a heavy coil . i supposed this is intended to give the working end some flexibility , but instead of using a fastener or weld , its just rolled metal inserted into the coil . after only two uses the " spoon " came out of the coil and even though i could easily enough put it back together , after a couple of more uses it became so loose it would not stay . basically its now a shoe horn minus the twenty something inch handle now . would recommend buying a more simply designed , single piece shoe horn . 
dvd neg 152.txt i hate to admit i actually own this thing on vhs . and unless my mind is going more than usual , i have this cut of the movie too . double ( and more ) dipping by the studios seems to be the way of dvd . we get at least four issues of terminator 2 , but none of robinson crusoe on mars . i personally am sick of it . director 's cuts , unrated editions , and other snaky ways of trying to separate my money from my wallet . no wonder i 've taken to borrowing nearly all my dvds from the public library . no , you generally do n't get them the day they come out . but honestly , when was the last time you purchased a movie from hollyweird that was worth keeping ? do n't do it 
music neg 791.txt informatively , i have mason 's dvd 's , which i quite enjoy . however , this cd , labelled , " brand new , " contains many repeats and situations . in fact , at times i was ahead of jackie mason , mouthing word for word the joke and situation he was leading up to me . mason spoke as if he was rushing to meet a deadline , to the extent that much of the cd sounded like gibberish . for most of this cd i sat stone faced and suspected that perhaps the applause and clapping of hands were canned . mason , in my opinion , went overboard in his use of obscenities , loudly and in his asides , seemingly contrived for shock value . as for me , i think that this mislabelled , " brand new , " cd was a flop , and i would not care to have it in my collection for fear of the impression i would leave after my demise . so , another item destined for my shredder . finally , i would recommend the mason dvd 's , which i would have preferred with a slower delivery and less obscenities that add little to his performance . robert lyons reno , nevad 
music neg 81.txt i 've listened to this piece of work several times , in many positions , on various stero systems , during different moods and i just ca n't understand the lyrics half the time and the arrangements were best described as ' a wall of mud' . it is n't a question of country music , or contemporary music , with elh she has demonstrated throughout the years she just loves , and respects , good music . the music is good , the woman has impeccable taste but this time i had wished she sat in on the mixing process . i think i understand the aim of this collection but geez , i wish i didn't . i am too accustomed to hearing elh 's clear voice slice to the heart of the lyrics , take them and present them with a totally unique perspective . i wo n't start on her own playing because this review would be nothing but gushing about her near-total mastery of her craft . she 's an amazing woman , artist and collaborator - - i love her because she is everywhere in music : supporting new artists , doing background for others , her duets are gems of generosity with respect for her fellow artists , while always doing what 's best for the song . i just hope there 's no follow up to wb . i 'm very happy with my other 8 elh cds and i 'm in awe of ' all roads running ' and my [...]is going to be front center next week in los angeles . it 's like waiting for xmas 
software neg 272.txt this is a very capable program that has too many nuances . for just a simple dvd burn it is far to complex . definitely for the advanced user , i am sorry that i spent the money 
health pos 130.txt i rate ( green tea fat burner ) 5 star . because i bot another called lipoxinol 70.00 ) and i bot another one called ( green tea fat furner ) and it was better in quality wise and its only 14.99 at costco . lipoxinol is very good as well but more expesive . bot off amazon.it sais its ( made canada ) derctions say to take 4 pills in am & 4pills pm . and man there great . the ( green tea fat burners ) in comparison dictions say take 2 pillsam & 2pills pm . i over rall i think ( green tea fat burner ) makes me a little bit more hyper . the more hyper the more stuff i do , that means the more excerise i get , , , , , you will see lipoxinal on amazon . its 4 star , this one has less rating for some reason , not many people said much about it , wierd , americans like to pay more money when , this one can work just as great , not all work tho , but like i said this one was great for me in wise , i bot both , dont go off telling every one u are taking weight loss pills because people will get worryed , like theres no problem , people drink coffee every day of there life , i told my mom and she thot i was crazy , but what dose my mom know , she never tryed weight loss pills , i tryed ntoher one from the natral food store call mini skiny fat burner and i felt like i just shot my self with cocane , so be carfull , earbs have been used for thousand of years and can make u drug crazy , 
music pos 474.txt stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome 
health pos 145.txt always saw them at the mall and wanted one , it was nice to be able to get it on here and not have to search , works great ! feels wonderful ! ! ! especially when you get that headache ! ! ! , also doubles as a contemporary hat ! ! haha , love it 
software pos 369.txt wow , this really made a difference in my ability to create professional-looking comics . i have a graphics tablet and the drawing feel is really good . i think my favorite feature is the tool for making panels . plus the tool for doing special effects lines , which is pretty sweet . i just draw comics for fun , and for this price it is totally worth it . manga studio is perfect for publishing a webcomic or adding effects to existing drawings . i would definitely recommend this software if you like to draw comics or manga 
books neg 614.txt 18 jun 2005 as the book progressed , it got more and more egoistic , to the point where it becomes a turn-off towards the end of the book . i am surprised that there was so little mentioned of hakeem . shaq 's attitude seems to be that since he can score , he does not respect centers who ca n't score . whereas he respect bill russell . but he does give kobe his fair share of spotlight . the other book i read was an unabashed hype of shaq , so this is a big improvement . 
camera neg 383.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
camera pos 116.txt it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack 
health pos 678.txt shaves great wet or dry . i like it because it pivots real good . no cuts , it was worth every penny 
software pos 787.txt i am enjoying the talk now ! learn bulgarian cd . great images , repetitive visual and auditory instruction make learning the basic words , numbers , time , etc. easy . also , the games add interest . you can print out each section with photos and words in bulgarian . however , i would have liked to see the program come with the cyrillic alphabet and pronunciation guide . 
dvd pos 509.txt this exhilarating musical comedy , featuring ( respectively ) the fancy footwork and infectious crooning of gis kelly and sinatra , perfectly captures the optimistic spirit that held sway in the post-world war ii boom . co-starring dancers vera-ellen and ann miller , " on the town " was one of the first color films shot on location in manhattan , and remains one of the grandest , liveliest hollywood musicals ever made . 
software pos 672.txt overall a good product ; learning curve did take some time . provides needed items for use without having to purchase more expensive and extensive version 
books pos 305.txt set in venice at the end of world war ii , hemingway tells a romantic and touching story of the love affair between a gruff 50 year old american colonel and renata , a young and very pretty italian contessa . loss is a recurring theme- -the death of many of the colonel 's subordinates in combat , the break-up of his earlier marriage to a career woman , and the severe injury to one of the colonel 's hands from which he suffers constant pain . the colonel may also be dying and his time left with his young lover may be very short . what gives the novel so much poignancy and resonance is the great devotion renata and the colonel have for one another . renata seeks to comfort the colonel and implores him to relate to her the worst of his combat experiences so that he may relieve some of his bitterness . the colonel lovingly calls renata , " daughter . " hemingway tells this tale in the deceptively simple , direct , and matter of fact style for which he is justly celebrated . i could have done without the duck hunting sequences and some of the colonel 's more obvious macho behavior , but hemingway , being hemingway , understandably could not . this is a lovely and sad story , filled with the yearnings of its two lead characters 
music pos 300.txt this cd offers a great deal of incredible music by john lennon during 1969 and the early 1970 's when he fought our government in order for him and yoko to live in the united states . the quality of the music is excellent and after you listen to this cd you want to run to watch the film ! the cd starts off strong with " power to the people . " the song makes its political statement and offers a great beat that sticks in your mind . it is also very upbeat and aggressive in its tone which attracts the listener immediately to make them want more . the listener wo n't be disappointed . the tracks that follow provide great insight into john 's politics at the same time that he provides us with his singularly beautiful music . great songs on this cd include the autobiographical " nobody told me " in which john admits that his struggle with our government both to end the vietnam war and to remain in the usa is harder than he thought it would be . " working class hero " has a folksy , bluesy feel to it but then the cd goes right back to that unique john lennon rock and roll flavor with the song " i found out . " " bed peace " follows as a type of introduction to the only beatles song on this cd , " the ballad of john & yoko . " despite the catchy rock and roll beat to " the ballad of john & yoko , " the lyrics tell the sad story of how people harass john and yoko . another great song is " give peace a chance ; " the message here is obvious . " love , " " imagine , " and " oh my love " are beautiful ballads with excellent musical arrangements ; and we get a new instrumental version of " how do you sleep " that is very well done . in addition , i like the two live tracks from the john sinclair freedom rally in 1971. " attica state " is a brand new release and " john sinclair " packs a strong punch ! these tracks demonstrate so well john 's ability to connect with his audience in a live setting . one special song on this cd directly challenges each and every listener to personal reflection and insight : " happy xmas ( war is over ) . " john and yoko tell people to know the difference between the blessings of peace and the evils of war , to cherish what is morally right and to fight against anything that is morally wrong . the song also expresses hope for a peaceful future beyond the current christmas season . " happy xmas ( war is over ) " continues to play on radio stations every christmas season to this day . yes , another amazon reviewer correctly notes that yoko talks a little bit over the very beginning of the song " oh my love . " thank goodness that she does n't talk over the lyrics ! a few brief dialogue excerpts from the film are peppered throughout the cd but they never overlap with the songs . the cd ends with the same strength that it started with : " instant karma ! ( we all shine on ) " is an excellent song that most lennon fans will always love . the liner notes include some great black and white pictures of john and yoko , including two from the infamous " bed-in . " you get the song credits along with the year that each song was released and there is a brief essay by yoko ono herself . overall , this cd is more than just a retrospective of john 's music during a turbulent period in his life . oh sure , almost all of this music has been previously released . however , that 's not relevant here . the cd celebrates lennon 's ability to communicate his political beliefs through his songs . these songs remind us to avoid genocide , to be true to oneself and to strive for peace- -now . i highly recommend this cd for lennon fans , fans of great 1970s rock music and anyone who wants to experience how john lennon taught us what was right through his music . 
books neg 456.txt am i the only one who did n't get a complete book ? at first i noticed there was some poor editing - lots of typos . but then after page 180 , where page 181 should be ( sleep chapter ) , it goes back to page 117 ( discipline chapter that i already read ) . it continues to repeat pages 117 to 180 ( a whole 63 pages duplicated ! ) , then picks up again on page 245 in the middle of the school days chapter that i do n't have the beginning of . i 'm completely missing pages 181-245 ( 67 pages ) . other than that , good for a few laughs and a handful of ideas 
software pos 541.txt i like this screensaver , because you think the fish are really real and you can feed them and watch them and you tap on the glass your fish will sometimes react . i 'm going to keep it forever and ever.the 2 expansion packs to complete my screensaver of fish is the arowana pack and the funstuff pack . thank you for reading this cool review and my name is kris.i really like aquazone 
software pos 147.txt this suite of applications is excellent . they run much faster on my mac than even the equivalent mac programs . i love them and use them quite happily every single day . a great value for students and teachers 
books neg 86.txt i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
books pos 595.txt when i was 21 and in my first year of graduate school , paul fussell 's & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; was one of the first text books assigned to me . when i bought the book and saw how slim it was , i snickered , & quot ; grad school 's gonna be a walk in the park ! & quot ; yeah , right ! this densely packed tome is not for the uninitiated and definitely not absorbed in just one reading . on and off , over the last 20 years , i have come back to this book to refresh my memory and , usually , to astonish myself . the book 's real strength , besides professor fussell 's obvious command of his subject , and his ability to convey that command , is in the sprinkling of dozens of anecdotes by and about poets about other poets and poetry . even at this late date in my life , i ca n't pretend to understand the entire book but what i do understand i admire and respect . & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; is not recommended to anyone studying poetry ; it is urgently required 
camera pos 45.txt this uv filter produces high quality pictures at a fraction of the cost of many ather brands 
books neg 297.txt this is a good book , but most are under the impression that einstein actually created the content of the book . einstein actually compiled the physics theories of the latest german and italian physicists and wrote it as his entire theory . for instance , e=mc^2 was not created by einstein , as so many people people . an italian physicist came up with it . if you do n't believe me check any encyclopedia . einstein suceeded in taking everyone 's work and compiling it . this was helpful to the world of physics . unfortunately , this stuff is outdated , and autodynamics has disproven many things that einstein says in this book . when it came out it was already outdated . this was published in the 60s . autodynamics disproved what is in this book in the 40s ( 45 i believe ) . if this was published in the 20s or even the 30s , it would have been a good book 
dvd neg 562.txt this scooby-doo vhs is absoulty horrible ! ! it lacks exciting adventures and silly antics of the scooby-doo team too drawn out and serous not anough scary monsters or surprises...too much boring details not anough silly actions that kids like....plus its higher cost i paid 9.95 trust me buy scooby-doo 2 or scooby-doo cyber chase those keep the kids glued to the t.v. very exciting just the way we want scooby doo to be ! ! 
books pos 715.txt this town feels so typical at first - - the suburban couple , husband with misc . job and wife who 's good at parties . the gem in cheever 's writing is to render these people and their neighbors with the true unique humanity and quirks we all possess . sometimes cheever 's work can seem stereotypical , everyone drinking gin and having weird suicidal urges . this book , though , is a masterful blend of truly normal people and the creepy backstory that lives next door 
health neg 163.txt i 've been kinda exclusive to remington ms3 's for a few years . they 've just been had inexpensively here and there so that 's the main reason i 've stuck it out . but in all honesty , these seem to cost me more than i 've thought in the past . like other reviews have stated , this razor takes effort to get close . hair does collect on the foils and thus as i 've noticed , causes the blades to bind on stubble . i 'm a patient person , not usually in a hurry to shave , so again not too big a deal after a quick cleaning . but here 's the weakness : the foils are like paper , and flake holes in them . i just purchased the 2700 right before the holidays for about 25 bucks ( a good deal i thought for a microscreen 3 ) . my other 0003 was shot and running on a foil or two ( once a hole developed , and i 'd rashed up my neck accidentally , i removed the bad foil ) . i 'd bought one foil pack before and gradually went through those . so i thought a new unit was the trick . well , now just three months later , the new 2700 has burned through two foils and is down to two ( used a foil from the 0003 when the first went out ) . my bathroom is riddled with these things . my patience is now out and i 'm headed back to an old faithful : braun 
dvd neg 179.txt nothing original here . nothing overly humourous . overall pretty bland in my opinion . the only part i thought was really worth watching was when the casket exploded at the end . 
software pos 235.txt great program but the fact that you ca n't lock the toolbar into place leads to major amounts of time wasted . homesite kind of peaked at version 3 when it was run by alaire 
books neg 908.txt ' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre ' 
camera neg 441.txt the case fits like a tight glove . i do n't like that . the camera was hard to get in and out and did n't have any pockets for straps or batteries 
health neg 287.txt i had the exact same experience as stan , another reviewer . i bought this heating pad and when it turned itself off , i could not get it started again . like stan , i thought it was a fluke and bought another . same problem , two days after buying the pad . i have looked in four stores in the seattle area and cannot find another brand of heating pad . this one should not be on the market . i am sending both pads back to the manufacturer 
dvd pos 731.txt the first wayne 's world provides all the necessary background , but number 2 is actually better because it has a longer list of interesting cameo appearances , including starkly realistic versions of jim morrison and sammy davis , jr. , spoofing the oliver stone film " jfk " , in the desert 
dvd neg 144.txt it has been a long time since i read the novel upon which this book is based , but i do clearly remember it making sense . this movie does n't even make sense ( to quote a chicken i know ) . marlon brando somnambulizes his way through the film and , instead of coming off as sinister , menacing , and dominating , he makes dr. moreau into a joke . val kilmer 's portrayal is vacuous and silly . is the character supposed to be under the influence ? i guess he wanted it portrayed that way . the script ? is there one ? moreau talks about having almost reached his goal . where ? his one " son " and his " daughter " do have some fine traits , but both are also pretty ineffectual . several reviews have mentioned the special effects . i actually saw very few special effects . the rat-people on the boat were creepy and well-done , and some of the characters did make some superhuman moves , but mostly i saw people in very elaborate , well-done costumes , using well-distorted voices . the central character , played by david thewlis , should have been the focus of the movie , as he is the narrator . he kept getting lost in the shuffle , and i kept waiting for him to see things that i saw , and to ask the questions that i would have asked . i like him as an actor , but this is certainly not a memorably good performance . it is somewhat ironic that he is the witness to animal-human hybrid horror here , but is the werewolf in " harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . " the film does create a sense of the nightmare . several of the characters do show glimpses of depth and genuineness , most notably ron perlman 's preacher , but then he 's well-practiced , from his " beauty and the beast " television series . that was what ( barely ) earned this film its second star . let 's vote them all off the island , and start over . robert duvall as moreau ? replace kilmer with matt damon ? casey affleck replacing david thewlis 
books neg 389.txt " the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope 
dvd neg 83.txt george clooney and quentin tarantino have got to be two of the worst actors of all time . it 's sheer agony to watch these nerds pretend to be macho tough guys . this whole flick is akin to getting a gift-wrapped package wrapped in the fanciest wrapping paper.. . problem is , as is often the case with tarantino and robert rodriguez , ai n't nothin ' inside the package . get it ? these guys like the worst movies and have managed to become the makers of some of the worst movies ever . the word shallow comes to mind . there is nothing there , and i doubt that there ever will be . however , having said that , i must give credit where credit is due : juliette lewis , the talented juliette lewis , is terrific as usual . good to see harvey keitel do his thing , same goes for fred williamson , the rarely seen michael parks ( this guy , by the way made some terrific country-type records back in the 60's --and we wish he 'd do more . he 's up there with merle haggard in my humble opinion ) and , last but not least , the beautiful salma hayek is also in this , although she hardly does enough . she still had the curves back then . in addition to the above , we could have done without all the obvious and crappy cgi effects at the end . the stuff just does n't work ; never did . by the way , the documentary full -tilt boogie is way better than the main feature . 
health neg 203.txt this pitcher is designed so that when you try to empty it - - pour out all the water - - the filter comes crashing out ! it 's top-heavy . i much prefer my dispenser that lives in the fridge . it may be clumsy to refill - - which is why i thought i 'd try a pitcher - - but it 's extremely easy to use 
dvd pos 748.txt my 2 yr old son has watched this dvd again and again . he 's not into cartoons , so the real life airplanes , trains , and buses suit him perfectly . 
camera pos 885.txt we bought this camera because our other digital camera ( sony dsc-h1 ) was too large to carry around a lot of the time . we took it skiing with us ( whistler , bc ) and it took some outstanding pictures , both of persons and of landscape / scenery . it is small enough that you can pretty much carry it anywhere , anytime . others may disagree , but the touchscreen menu controls are easy to use and fairly intuitive . fingerprints do get on the screen but you hardly notice them and they are easily removed ( or better yet , use the little wand they give you with the camera instead of your fingers , that does n't leave any marks on the screen ) . to summarize : this is an excellent camera , very small size but with a large 3 " led display , takes excellent pictures , and the touchscreen menu is easy to use and intuitive . most people will be very happy with this camera if they buy it . the only negative thing is that this camera does not have a view finder , but unless you have very bright sun at your back this is n't too much of a problem . 
software pos 432.txt i purchased this program simply for the encarta 2007. i was amazed at all of the wonderful features that microsoft put into the package . i feel that anyone in school or not would find this program to be a useful tool in your daily life . enjoy it . 
dvd neg 136.txt i do n't like her routine in this dvd at all . i do n't like the strechie . it 's a completely waste and it wo n't give you the same workout as hand weights or balance ball . i solde the dvd the 2nd day i bought it . however , i do like her ' shrink your female fat zone , ' which uses dumbell and balance for upper body , lower body and abs 
camera neg 731.txt this camcorder has an excellent form factor and conveniently transfers clips to pc via usb . however , the camera picks up the sound of its own zoom and auto-focus , which makes the video unacceptable in my opinion . the clicking and whirring is louder than the level of normal conversation . we returned the first unit that we got thinking that it may have been a production defect , but the second unit had the same problem . apparently , according to the manual , this is " not a malfunction " 
software pos 207.txt you can read it before buying the product by looking on the za site . i 'm going to make this hard and make you google it . i 'm not going to criticize anyone except to say if you have a question or problem , the za website lists pdf file user manuals for all of the company 's products . there are some compatibility probs for example with yahoo mail beta . as soon as yahoo finalizes it 's mail server za will be compatible . simply switch back to yahoo mail ( pre beta ) . there are several other beta products but generally if you 're having problems they can be easily fixed by adjusting the settings just like all security programs . za really is better at what it is suppose to do than other products once you have learned how to use it . kinda like most things in the world of things that are unfamiliar . i use the free stuff too , and recommend them for those who are on a budget - students , etc. but the za suite is worth the money and is more effective for those who ca n't afford to get mugged or pickpocketed on the info hiway . i know what you 're thinking btw...but ask yourself " is your private information , time and computer worth it to you ? " if so go with zone alarm , learn how to use it and be safer on the net . john row in1ea 
music neg 425.txt this is the cheesiest music ever . phil collins , glenn frey , chaka khan ? are you kidding me ? these were the worst artists of the 80's . where 's u2 , rem , the pixies , x , the pretenders , tom petty , prince , springsteen , the replacements , husker du ? does anyone like rock and roll ? phil collins writes songs for disney and pixar now ! what did glenn frey know about ' smugglers blues ' ? do you think he was writing from the experience or from the heart ? these are the worst artists , songwriters and performers of the 80's . enjoy the nostalgia , but the art which is song is seriously missing on this cd . 
health neg 314.txt upon purchasing this product , i 'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product i normally purchase at the salon . i was horribly disappointed . it was nothing at all like the typical product , rather much more like water . the normal scent was not present , the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long . i would very much like to return this . it 's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon . i was sorely disappointed 
software neg 21.txt acrobat 5 was so buggy that i thought i 'd give adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . should have waited longer . there have been improvements in v7 : a better look , better commenting , the ability to add text that actually prints , and far better ocr functionality . but other basic functions are way worse than in v5 : some word documents that were easy to convert to pdf in v5 will not convert in v7 , seems to be something to do with font license issues . installation is a nightmare and repeated re-installation was required to get past system hangs , clashes with standard security software , and endless errors in the automatic update feature . the new product activation makes this even more of a pain because too many re-installations force you to activate by phone . despite my already low expectations of adobe , this product is a disappointment . with acrobat 7 , adobe is , as usual , charging top $ for what any decent company would consider an embarrassing mess even as a beta version . ( for reference , my system is window xp pro , pentium 4 3ghz , 2.5gb ram ) 
health pos 757.txt i got this for my husband and he states that the trimmer is great but it needs to have a smaller base . the charger part of the trimmer is just too big . even though it is big for size it does not hold all the attachments . he would recommend the trimmer to do the job it is intended for 
software pos 513.txt i have used quickbooks basic for a number of years both in my church and for my business . i have kept qb 2004 basic since the upgrades were not immediately necessary for me . i chose to upgrade this year to keep current on maintenance , etc. so again i chose the most basic product offered - " simple start " . i received it just fine and it installed perfectly . however , it does not upgrade any previous qb files . as i investigated , intuit says that it wo n't upgrade files from previous qb versions on their web site ( albeit in small print ) and on the product box itself , but that was not ever mentioned in the amazon listing . so then i had to upgrade to the next higher version - an additional $80. qb pro also works very well ; it 's just a shame that intuit insists on misleading customers by not providing full information through all marketing channels . the intuit phone rep also tried to overcharge me $20 for the upgrade but quickly accepted the correct amount when i pointed out their error a second time . 
camera neg 539.txt what a pile of junk . three full seconds pass between pushing the shutter button and when the camera actually takes the picture . if you move at all during that three seconds , the picture is a blurred mess . even if you do n't move , the pictures turn out blurry and dark . and if you use the flash , you get a lovely white picture of nothing . i ca n't believe they sell this thing . 
camera pos 755.txt this 10-20mm lens is equivalent to a 15-30mm in a 35mm film camera , so it 's an ultra-wide lens at 10mm . i was pleasantly surprised at how sharp the images are from this lens ; and it 's rectilinear , which means that straight lines in real life remain straight in the photograph . it is a well-made lens , made with high-grade materials . what this lens excels at is when you want to photograph sweeping landscapes , close-quarters interior photography , and in architectural photography where you do n't mind the exaggerated converging lines that an ultrawide produces . personally , that 's what i like , so i 'm very happy with this sigma 10-20mm 
camera neg 251.txt with this pup it is simple to record video or images and almost impossible to download them successfully ! in standard mode , the playback of video is anything but smooth . looks like an old time movie . the software could best be described as , " user hostile " . i have n't been able to download any videos without getting an error message before the transfer is complete . the normal video is n't as good as my dv camcorders and downright sad indoors . the photo portion is slightly better than my cell phone ( a pocket pc ) . still pictures have n't downloaded successfully either ( approximately 11 out of 185 have made it across the wire before error messages start interrupting the transfer ) . it 's a handy size and easy to operate . after you 're done recording you 'll likely spend a lot of time with the manual ( i have ) and then you start getting frustrated . if i could return it , i would 
software pos 149.txt works fine . like several other office packages lacks database program , access 
books pos 664.txt with astute attention to the details of character , setting and daily life , susan kelly illuminates the ordinary . pondering love , memory , faith , and responsiblity , kelly transforms the everyday into the quintessential . this is a beautifully rendered story 
dvd pos 652.txt i ordered this movie for my husband . he loves it ! it 's a funny entertaining movie and something you can watch over and over . no big plot - but it 's got it 's moments . i 'm quite sure there is something for every european to be offended by.. . so keep a sense of humor and enjoy 
books neg 993.txt i agree with the above comments...all one sees is a black cover . the book looks / sounds interesting , but there is no table of contents or example of what is inside the book . this book needs to present more information if you expect one to buy 
music neg 388.txt generally on amazon.com , the average rating of an album does not accurately indicate its quality - that is , the albums are usually highly overrated . this is probably due to the voluntary nature of the reviews and the fact that the fans of an artist are far more likely to review their albums and give them high scores than a casual music listener giving them the score they deserve . as a result of this , generally , albums that have an average score of 4.5 - 5 stars are usually excellent albums . ones with a score of 4 are generally good and 3.5 indicates a pretty average album . average scores any lower than 3.5 stars generally indicate a pretty poor album . as i mentioned before , due to the high proportion of fans reviewing albums , the average score rarely falls below 3 stars . it takes a pretty horrendous album , like limp bizkit 's results may vary , to get a score of even 2.5. in fact , i did n't even think that it was possible for an album to get less than 2.5 - that is , until i saw this pile of feces . now to put this average score of 2 into context - this means that the proportion of " hataz " reviewing this album is even more than the proportion of fans reviewing it . out of all the terrible albums i have viewed , i have never seen this happen before . not even to bands as terrible as limp bizkit or even an*l c*nt . this obviously indicates a decline in fan numbers and , hopefully , the end of chingy 's 15 minutes of fame 
books pos 559.txt as other reviewers have stated , ludlum passed away at the time of the publication of this novel . unfortunately , we may never know what other voice has been mingled with ludlum 's to complete this tale . honestly speaking , i believe this to be the case because the story is actually better than i have come to expect from ludlum . no disrespect intended , but i feel this work is actually above his standard . there is certainly a few moments of unbelievable plotting and characterization , but who cares when the ride is such a rip . at first you think you 're reading a typical espionage thriller and eventually come to realize it 's more than that , much more . for new world order conspiracy fans you 're in for a treat . ludlum et al 's take on an old plot is so fresh and intrigueing you are left speechless . i 'll just say this , if you have ever wondered if the nazi 's survived wwii you will really wonder after reading the sigma protocol . god help us if there 's any truth to this plot 
dvd neg 378.txt die hard fans of writer-director david cronenberg may find funny dialogue and grotesquely engrossing scenes in this sci-fi horror tale . that accounts for so many 5 star ratings by other reviewers . that was not my reaction to this film . it was slow , uninteresting and the ending was a disappointment . i give it only 2 stars . the characters stumble through a virtual role playing game and pretend they are.. . gamers . duh . cronenberg needs more than ideas for his next film , he needs a good script and actors who are more suited for their roles . william defoe is completely miscast as a gas station attendant . jennifer jason leigh 's wardrobe looks like retro-1980's . jude law does well except for a couple of unexplained accent changes . beware of the tag line that says existenz " makes the matrix look like child 's play . " this film is no where near the caliber of the matrix . if you are not a cronenberg fan , i recommend that you pass on this dull film 
health neg 121.txt when i bought this i had gotten sick of using a mop and bucket and really needed something faster . it does n't cut it for a few reasons : 1. solution left a streaky , dull floor . mop & glo with water works much better . 2. bottle only lasted 3 times for a very small kitchen . 3. need to put batteries in the device ( something i did n't realize when i bought it ) . 4. not " cleaner than a mop . " if you have a heavy-traffic floor like i do , you 'd have to use about 3 clean pads on the floor to keep from pushing dirt around . a mop at least can be rinsed . 5. bottle is impossible to refill . i might have stuck with it if i could have replaced the solution with a water / mop & glo mix , but they have the bottle fixed so you can't . *sigh* i 'm actually considering spending the $$$ for a " scooba . " we have a roomba vac for the living room and it is a dream . if you want something fast , stick with " swiffer wet . " no batteries , no solution to refill 
music pos 776.txt beres has done it again . this is a great cd . i can actually say that enjoyed all 19 tracks 
music pos 689.txt when i bought this cd it was for a little bit of nostalgia - those were the days . since playing it once when it blew me away with the tracks and the memories , i have played it so often that if it were vinyl it would be worn out by now . if you liked mary hopkins then this is a fantastic selection of her music and well worth a place in your collection 
software pos 625.txt the item was received promptly and worked perfectly . thanks for a great purchase . bo 
health neg 778.txt depending on how i shifted my weight- -even just slightly- -the scale read different amounts . this is normal when the difference is small . but the difference was up to 20 pounds ! there was no way to know how much i really weighed ! i called amazon right away to send it back.. . 
dvd pos 893.txt this dvd has a lot of good info and practical tips for improving starts , turns , and finishes for competitive swimmers . i swim for the masters ( adult ) program , and am not tremendously competitive , but have learned so much . i actually swam in a meet and did passably well , thanks to some of the ideas i learned from this video . well worth it 
software neg 844.txt this product arrived with 2 number 2 installation disks for the virtual pc and no number 1. as a result , i was not able to install vpc , which was one of the reasons i purchased this overly expensive product . the office part does not seem that signicant an upgrade to the office x that i had . so it is both an aggravation and a rip off 
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection 
music neg 546.txt the quality of the samples is better than the quality of the recordings . 
dvd neg 785.txt good lord , but this was awful . normally a&amp ; e makes a mean costume drama , but / benedict arnold / stank like rotting poultry . the dialogue was stilted and incredibly unrealistic , the battle scenes were rendered in clunky slo-mo to cover up the lack of extras , and the costumes appeared to have been rented from a cheap halloween shop ( with the exception of the military uniforms , especially the continentals ' , which were accurate ) . aidan quinn chewed the scenery into pulp and used & quot ; historical voice&quot ; ( the lame semi-british accent affected by actors in costume drama ) . kelsey grammer was pretty darn good as washington , but his lines were horrid , horrid stuff ripped from the pages of a grade-school history text . worst of all were the simpering john andre and peggy arnold , whose rose-garden courtship scene was laughably bad . in short , do n't even bother to rent this . it 's an hour and a half of your life that would be better spent cleaning the house or napping 
dvd neg 264.txt they spend the first half of this movie saying how great the ultimate warrior was . the journey is awesome ! then all of the sudden , the paid wwe guys just began to bad-mouth the warrior . maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved ? they take some very low blows . they say that the warrior was a bad wrestler . actually he seemed just fine to me when i was young , and i really ca n't distinguish one 's ability from the other . they just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations . vince says quickly that the reason why the ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test . as soon as he says this , they fade to black then come back with a new issue . what drug use ? which drugs ? presumably they 're talking about steroids . but what about that high and mighty hulk hogan with his admitted drug use . let 's not talk about that - let 's just keep ganging up on the warrior . they completely ridicule him changing his name to the warrior . and they also just try to badmouth him so much . who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him ? i do n't ! he excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including hulk . and oh yeah - they do n't even let the warrior defend himself . why did i have to find out from imdb.com that he was asked to appear but declined ? why do n't they address this ? this " docu " is more slanted than " fahrenheitt 911 " every wrestling and ultimate warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it . it just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth , tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking . 
music pos 752.txt i am a latecomer to the works of chopin , unqualified to comment on dinu lipatti 's technique and interpretation , but this recording gives an interesting framework to explore the waltzes . they are numbered 1 through 14 in order of opus publication , but on this disc lipatti shuffles them to form a cycle of his own devising . there are four waltzes in the key of a flat and it seems one challenge was to space them across the recital . contrast this to alexandre thaurad 's cd where he clumps like-key waltzes into groups . ( he also adds five more posthumous works . ) most of chopin 's waltzes start on the dominant , meaning either the fifth note of the home key ( the tonic , the i ) , or a dominant seventh chord ( v7 ) which leads to the tonic . lipatti uses this feature to string together his cycle . if , for instance , there were a waltz that ended on a c natural it could easily bring us to waltz no 4 , which starts on an insistent c7 chord before rising to the home key of f major . i will use this as the starting point for tracing the harmonic relationships of the tracks on this cd . track 1 : waltz no 4 in f , " grande valse brillante " - as noted starts on the v7 and finishes on f in octaves . track 2 : no 5 in a flat - begins on a trilling dominant eb , but the note it trills up to is an f ( which ended the previous track ) . finishes with a parting shot , a turn in the bass ending on ab. track 3 : no 6 in d flat , " minute waltz " - starts on ab ; the contour of the opening phrase echoes the gesture of the previous parting shot as well . ends in db. track 4 : no 9 in a flat - has two pick up notes then hits a db on the downbeat of the first measure . the right hand ends on the ab above middle c . track 5 : no 7 in c sharp minor - starts on a g sharp above middle c , which is the same black key ( enharmonic equivalent ) of the previous ab. ends in c# minor . track 6 : no 11 in g flat - starts with a pick-up turn then hits the downbeat with a db ( enharmonic c# ) . ends on a gb in the treble clef . track 7 : no 10 in b minor - starts quietly on the same note , an f# ( enharmonic gb ) . ends with a soft b in the bass clef . track 8 : no 14 in e minor - first note is the exact same b in the bass . ends in e minor . track 9 : no 3 in a minor - starts on an e in the bass melody . ends in a minor ; keep in mind that minor third of this key is a c natural - - you can hear it in the melody of the third to last measure . track 10 : no 8 in a flat - this is a side-stepping change of keys , but there is an harmonic link to the previous waltz . instead of starting on the dominant , this one begins on the major third - - c natural . track 11 : no 12 in f minor - starts on the dominant - - c again . toggle back and forth between tracks 10 and 11 and you will hear that these two waltzes start on the exact same pitch . instead of ending in f minor this waltz closes in the relative major of ab. the last three notes are a rise and fall , bb-c-ab . track 12 : no 13 in d flat - there is a leading note before the dominant . the first three notes ( bb-ab-f ) fall and rise in a mirroring gesture to the final phrase of the previous . ends quietly in db. track 13 : no 1 in e flat , " valse brillante " - another side-stepping key change but there is a connection . if you toggle between tracks 12 and 13 you will hear the same initial note , a bb - - quietly in the former , boldly here . finishes resoundingly in the tonic eb. track 14 : no 2 in a flat , " grande valse brillante " - introduction in the dominant chord , eb7. closes in ab. from here you could loop around to the beginning of the cycle again , linking the major third ( c natural ) to the v7 that starts the f major waltz 
books pos 501.txt this book is pitched , at least in part , to linux beginners . but it fails in small , maddening ways when speaking to this audience . after a lot of discussion of disk partitioning and install , page 65 tells you to run the " man " command in a shell session . it offers no clue that the only way to terminate a " man " command is the letter q - a completely unintuitive action . so a new user can flounder forever , or at least until they get frustrated and reboot . but i do n't mean to slam just this book . that same problem exists in most other beginning linux books , even o'reilly 's pocket guide . all these knowledgeable authors seem to think that noephytes will somehow magically gain access to information that the authors have in their heads , but have n't committed to paper . except for that , it 's a very good book . 
software neg 137.txt this dude is selling info that you can learn from anyone with very limited computer knowledge . all of the same info is on the net for free . this product exists for one purpose.. . to steal from you . this pathetic thief has gone through the trouble of putting together an eleaborate scam to steal from his customers by charging their credit card 80 bucks a month without their permission . he could have used his energy and tallents to just make a good product.. . but scams seem to be his thing . avoid ! ! this is the worst company that i have ever delt with in my entire life . this john guy and anyone that works for him should be ashamed . he is an embarrasement to his company and his family . at least a mugger steals from me face to face.. . this snake is sneaky about it 
books neg 341.txt the sub-title of this book is very misleading . it does not contain " an action-oriented approach " to raising your self-esteem - unless you count sitting down with pen and paper as an action . the book is centered on sentence completion exercises where you write the beginning of a sentence at the top of a page ( " one of the things i dislike about myself is.. . " , " one of my emotions i have trouble accepting is.. . " ) and then complete the sentence with whatever comes to mind . for some unexplained reason each sentence requires its own sheet of paper ; and there are a lot of them , so be prepared to go through a lot of paper . sure , completing sentences technically counts as an " action " . but if you 're like me , " action-oriented " implies some sort of cognitive-behavioral therapy that gives you exercises to go out and do in the world , not sitting alone and writing out your thoughts . for someone with social anxiety the last thing i needed was more solitary introspection . branden gives examples of breakthroughs that his patients had doing sentence completion with him in therapy ; but alas , the practice helped me in no way . your mileage may vary , but i would n't recommend this book to anyone 
health pos 723.txt my mother is 87 and the shower chair makes it easier . she likes it in the tub better and i just use warm water poured over her 
camera pos 524.txt go to nikon 's own website nikonusa.com and compare the technical specifications of this version and the ' g ' version of this lens . there are only three differences . one is that the ' g ' version has its aperture set only by the camera body , while the ' d ' version can have its aperture set either by the body or by a ring on the lens . all recent nikon bodies set the aperture . the ring on the lens is invariably locked on all recent camera bodies . the second difference is that one ( 1 ) of the 13 lens elements in the d version of the lens is made of extra low dispersion ( ed ) glass . if the dispersion difference is so important what is the deal with the other 12 elements ? sounds like marketing to me . the third difference is that the ' d ' version costs three times as much as the ' g ' version 
music pos 826.txt quem no gosta de samba , bom sujeito no  ,  ruim da cabea ou doente do p...essa letra desse samba serve para definir melhor o cd da marisa monte . quem no gostar dele ,  doente da cabea , do ouvido , do corpo , etc.  um trabalho dedicado , na medida certa para esta cantora , verdadeira diva da mpb . recomendo a todos . 
software neg 878.txt i was a real fan of omnipage until this version . the scanning speed is slug like . the proof reading function has is less functional the version 14 , and it tends to forget the scanner settings . no noticable new features where added from version 14 , and this seems to be a new version for the sake of milking the client base 
camera pos 856.txt i bought two , one for me , one for my daughter . it is compact , user-friendly , it has nice sized screen . it comes with a charger ( i 've been told that some do n't ) . 6.2 mgp . video with audio . all this for a very nice price 
books pos 495.txt terry 's son , nile , has honored his father ( and done the rest of us a huge favor ) by publishing this collection of the best of terry 's shorter works . terry concluded at one point that film had surpassed literature as the communication medium of choice , and devoted most of the rest of his life to that arena . his interview " on screenwriting " describes both the benefits and the frustrations associated with that choice . his advice is just as relevant to the would-be screenwriter today as it was when he wrote it . his " proposed scene for kubrick 's rhapsody , " and " plums and prunes , " provide interesting examples of proposed movie scenes that will prove interesting to readers unfamiliar with that arcane art . as other reviewers have noted , " grooving in chi " is an excellent description of the chicago riots during the democratic national convention in 1968. finally , pieces like " the beautiful-ugly art of lotte lenya , " " when film gets good , " " rolling over our nerve-endings [william burroughs] , " and " writers at work [henry green] " prove that he could write serious criticism . through it all flows that wonderful , irreverent , sense of humor . good stuff 
dvd neg 54.txt i would n't recommend this movie , unless you have nothing else to do for the night and want to watch it alone . due to a high content of bad words , screaming and violence , it 's kind of embarrassing watching it with someone else . some people really enjoyed it , and that 's not me , and that 's not the other two people i know who watched it . some violent parts are a bit hard to believe , but i guess that 's what the story is about . this movie is a bit of a hollywood-style suspense , with rather cheesy college scenes that are common to comedies . there 's one good idea in this movie and that 's how life develops as it goes along , and one action or inaction changes how life plays out . but this is no where near original , even the simpsons had an episode like that . so , this movie is definitely not on my best movies list . 
books neg 219.txt i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so " classicly popular " . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only " a little bit " interesting 
software neg 236.txt i agree with others who said it crashes the system . overall , i found ss6 pro had more problems than it was worth- -even if it were free , it 's not worth all the time and effort . besides all the crashes , downloading the virus / spyware updates via dialup takes forever ! each download runs 1 to 1 1 / 2 hours . be forewarned . in the end , i returned my copy to vcom , though to date i have not yet received a refund 
books neg 325.txt robert allen 's previous book , multiple streams of income , is excellent and i ca n't say enough good things about it . this one was a major disappointment in comparison . he talks about the same rehashed internet marketing strategies that everyone else does . creating email lists , newsletters , blah , blah , blah.. . the most disappointing thing about robert allen - - and i lost so much respect for him over this - - is that he demonstrates how to get a bunch of people to order his product within minutes of putting out an email blast . what 's stupid about the whole thing , and demonstrates that he 's a snakeoil salesman scam artist , is that what he 's selling by email is a course on how to make money on the internet...so how do you make money on the internet ? according to robert allen , by selling courses showing people how to make money on the internet is the only way to make money on the internet . that 's a scam ! how does he sleep at night ? do n't buy this book . it 's a waste of money 
health neg 335.txt my braun thermoscan has given me nothing but trouble . yes this ear thermometer is easy to use . you just have to stick it into the canal correctly . not hard . what i do n't like is you can stick it in the same ear , the same way , 6 different times and get very different readings . everytime i have gone to use my thermometer , the battery would be dead . you have to use the special medical circular batteries , so of course i would never have any handy . then i got smart and started stocking up on the batteries . they are expensive . and everytime i would use it i 'd have to put in a fresh new battery . this also needs the disposable ear covers in order for it to work . yes there is a trick to getting around it but then your thermometer is n't sanitary . finding the covers was sometimes easy and sometimes impossible . i have just never been happy with it . yes it 's easier than the oral.. . but i found one even better . try the temporal artery thermometer . you can use that one on a sleeping child 
camera neg 778.txt it was suggested by amazon.com that i buy this product since i was purchasing a canon powershot s2is digital camera . not knowing any better , i bought it . it does n't even work with this model camera . i bought a memory card reader instead at a local store & bypassed the need for an adapter altogether 
health neg 322.txt design seems flawed a bit for the container . when you pull the cord out , it bumps the tank off sometimes . the tank also seems a little loose when mounted . i tried the newest ultra dental water pik type , but it only lasted 1 month then began to leak water 
software pos 383.txt the content gives you 40 years of comic reading for a fraction of the price . however , some of the years ca n't be opened . tried contacting the seller but to no avail . : 
dvd neg 575.txt i 'm a huge don cheadle fan , but this film is unworthy of him . [people] who claim that it 's a story about racism either do n't understand the film or do n't understand racism . basically , here 's the plot : the character played by mekhi pfeiffer is an unwitting accomplice in a botched armed robbery that leaves three people dying on the floor of a grocery store . rather than summon help for the others , all pfeiffer can think to do is help himself to the money in the cash register . he is caught , and in the ensuing trial the prosecutor calls him an animal because of his depraved indifference to human life . that is supposed to be the psychological turning point in the film , because pfeiffer 's family insists on proving that he 's no animal and can take his punishment - - in this case , death - - with his head held high . yeah , right . guess what ? he is an animal , and if the story had involved all-black or all-white characters , racism would n't be an issue . a more compelling question : if pfeiffer 's family was so concerned with his " dignity , " why did n't they teach him moral values in the first place 
music pos 253.txt this was one of my first albums i got . i got it because of ' paradise city ' but got adapted quickly to ' welcome to the jungle ' and rest . there were only few more metal / rock albums that made such impact on my taste during teens : maiden 's ' powerslave ' , megadeth ' rust in peace ' and suicidal tendencies ' lights...camera...revolution ' 
camera neg 212.txt sd110 not a good digital camera . better yet find something else . i 've had this camera almost a year but i just seldom use it because the result of the pictures are very disappointing . it is just fine downloading them on the internet but when you have it printed on the paper , the pictures get blurred . now , im looking for another digicam that wo n't disappoint me 
software pos 360.txt like many other long term hobby digital photo fans i have used paint shop pro for more than 10 years from version 4. it has always been a frustration that the programme was written for creating paint type graphics and photos were almost an add on . as digital photography became more and more a real option the earlier versions of paint shop pro became more of a frustration and i tried everything else . at last corel paint shop pro photo feels like it was written for photo editing . it is easy to use with all the assistance a beginner could want , but dig deeper and it will go wherever you want to go , and more . i 'm sad to see paint shop album almost redundant , but it is great to have the organiser on tap . it runs on a less than optimal computer system unlike others that are too large and slow for many of us to consider . 
music neg 726.txt with the exception of " my heart will go on " by celine dion , horner 's soundtrack is not a masterpiece but a bunch of stinking skunks who are masked by a field of sweet smelling flowers . for a soundtrack score it is not riveting and really lacks any emotional connection to the film . overall it is just really overrated and the hit single got played so much that the masses just fell into a typical zombie trance and went marching to the store to buy it . this was after they kept returning to the theater to see a fictional tale of love built around a tragic , awful event . it did n't stop them though ; they could not get enough of seeing all those depictions of people freezing to death in the water . overall a below average soundtrack that road the coat tails of a hit single that was shoved down our throats for an entire year 
books pos 183.txt incredibly useful ! exactly what i need all in one place 
books neg 883.txt what this is : an epic adventure . it would be imappropriate to review the wot series when speaking of the prophesies of the dragon book ; it 's also not really a supplement akin to , say , the monster manual for d&d- -the only extra skills , feats , backgrounds , etc are those directly related to npcs in the campaign . what prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring , which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels . the players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book 's key characters . it 's a really ambitious undertaking ; players have to be given a compelling storyline , feel like they 're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time , without letting them change what happens in the novels . does it work ? i am currently gming this adventure . on paper , it looks really good . some of the scenes , especially in the later parts of the story , look exciting , moving even . faile 's cameo is perfect , for example . in practice , though , it 's been an extremely frustrating experience . first , the early encounters ( as pointed out by another reviewer ) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot . as things progress , the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players . there is one chapter , for example , where the introduction says something along the lines of , " upon entering the city , the players will want to find ( a certain npc ) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of ( another npc ) . " the players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually , but the other one was off their radar completely . throughout , i 've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3 , they 're feeling very manipulated . the campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship ( including , at one point , a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions ) on the chance of thwarting same . characters with any other motivations ( say , a character modeled after mat or nynaeve in the books ) will feel forced into situations unnaturally . there has been more than one point where one of the players saying , " i *think* this is where the plot wants us to go . " so , in conclusion , while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope- -and it 's definitely better than something i could have designed myself- -but it will fail often fail as a game . if you are intending to run a wot campaign , buy this adventure , read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope before you even let your players make up characters . the characters need to be created to fit the story or the story wo n't work 
software neg 820.txt come one people , windows vista is not only as unstable as it 's windows predecesors with a very uglu memory management and a really unsecure and ineffective hard drive and files management ; i 've lost lots of very important files due to windows " errors " that shut down applications and even the pc itself , so i decided my self : to use linux or to die with microsoft ! , and i 'm still alive ! ; - ) as i told you , vista is nothing more but a cheap copy of visual effects that linux users had from several years from now ; in facto , right now i 'm using a linux version called sabayon and it is a million light years away from windows vista , it 's visual effects are simply incredible ( try searching " beryl " in youtube for you to know what i 'm talking aboyt ) , i have not only 3d windows , but 3d desktops , incredible effects to minimize and maximize and a veeeery looooong list of features that you have to see it for yourself to beleave it . i know that you might be concerned for several aspects at this points that wooried me in time ( when i was evaluating windows vs linux ) : 1. - my documents , that will happen with them ? . nothing will happen , in fact you 'll ba able to open them and modify them as you please , the oppenoffice suite is totally compatibble with your microsoft documents . 2. - my programs ? , well there are several options to run windows programs in linux , as " cedega " , " wine " , etc etc etc , si it means that you will be able to run most of the windows programs in linux . 3. - is it hard to use ? . no way ! , it 's as easy to use as windows , you will only have to dedicate a few time ( may be a couple of hours ) to understand several conceps as the multiple destops , the file system , and the users and permission management ( that is the one of the most secures in the world ) ( microsoft windows cant 's say that ! ) . so , if you do n't beleave search google for sabayon and youtube for beryl and you will open your eyes ! . so.. . think about spending this 400 bucks twice , because sabayon and other versions as ubuntu , kubuntu , some versions of suse , and other linux distributions are totaly free of charge ! . you only have to download them and burn it to a cd or dvd , whatever you like . 
dvd pos 396.txt i just wanted to say this is a great workout . i love the eastern dance styles . i have just written a long review of honey 's bollywood workout , and people were saying the same things , too fast etc...but indian dance is taught by imitation , and is very expressive facially and bodily ( especially the classical dances ) and open to improv . bollywood and bhangra are an extension of classical . most do n't realize eastern dance is learned and practiced in a vigorous manner imitating , learning , and memorizing from the beginning . the teachers of the classical and indian dances do not like to break up the steps and movement or slow them unless they are so , because you lose the inspiration and the feeling of whatever you may be portraying . so have fun with this , it 's awesome and leaves room for your own interpretation of things as mentioned . and it really wears you out . plus everyone looks great dancing and celebrating the movement and abilities of the body no matter the dance form ! but i find eastern to be the most passionate , feminine , beautiful , and divine . have fun 
books neg 973.txt this would have to be the worst book i have ever read.wow will is running from dead people . some one is trying to kill him so cool.how much more boring can you get.i would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater . so what i 'm saying is it stinks 
books pos 337.txt well written and fully documented . i confess that i knew very little about the beginings of islam or its constant bloodshed . anywhere islam becomes entrenched , freedom is taken away and civilizations are destroyed . hatred is not discouraged but encouraged . islam 's world view is this in a nutshell , do it our way or perish . this book will rob you of your sleep 
camera neg 941.txt my husband bought me this camera for my birthday in may 2006. i loved this camera . well , it stopped working on christmas eve . i used it that morning with no problems , put it on the charger to recharge for later that evening . when i removed the camera that evening , the screen remained black . it would not take any pictures . after talking with the customer service folks , i sent my camera in for repair . it was under warranty , and i had not done anything to break the camera . well , they voided my warranty stating that it was " impact damage " and my repair bill was $111.00. you have got to be kidding . i called to question the voided warranty since i had not dropped the camera . the technician i spoke to explained that " impact damage " could happen if the camera bumped up to something in your purse . so i asked to speak to a manager . i am sorry , but if i am going to spend this much money on a camera , i expect a little better quality . i have called and email the kodak company several times to have someone talk to me . nobody has bothered to return either my calls or emails . i would seriously think twice before spending money on a camera that can break by no fault of your own only to have the warranty voided and billed an amount comparable to a brand new camera . i have discovered that the quality of a product is only as good as the company that will stand behind it . 
music pos 404.txt as a collector of musical scores , i thoroughly enjoyed this selection . it is rated as one of my favorites . but i must warn that if you do not like instramental style music , then this is n't for you . but if you are then this is a must 
camera pos 483.txt got this camera because a friend had a similar one . the blue tooth feature is just great . you need a memory card to make if you want to take video 's and store a lot of photos . the video 's are not bad and pretty remarkable for a camera this size . all in all a great buy 
health pos 327.txt i purchased this as a gift for my husband and he loves it . well made with good trim length settings , it 's also easy to hold . recommended 
camera neg 963.txt use less than 3 times , the touch screen does n't work.do n't know why~ 
camera neg 140.txt i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set . the finish of the rings are poor . despite of previously poor reputaion , i recently purchased some 67mm quantaray filter from the local ritz camera store which are of much better quality compared to this set of tiffen filters . i never got tiffens before , had good experience with hoyas . i will probably stay with those from now on . now come to think of it , ritz camera indicated the quantaray they had were made by hoya . the glass on all the filters are quite a bit more reflective compared to the hoyas and the quantarays . not a good sign . the circular polarizer had some smudges and some lense swirl that after 10 sheets of lense tissue and quite a bit of cleaning solution failed to be fully cleared off . quite frustrating . all of the filters came with lint and a few little smudges on them , not sure if the store handling or the manufacturer handling was to blame , but none of the other filters i got before had this kind of problem right out of the box . the set might be cheap , but it sure is for a good reason 
camera pos 970.txt i bought this for my wife so she could pull out the camera , turn it on , and take a nice photo . flash works well , unlike some reviews i 've read . battery life appears to be fine also . this is a small , light camera , measuring 3 1 / 2 " wide , 2 1 / 4 " tall , and 3 / 4 " deep when turned off . not exactly a credit card , but likely as close to one as you 're gonna get . camera opens up instantly , takes a nice photo whether with or without flash , battery life appears ok , and controls are easy to use- -either in figuring them out or using your fingers on them . nice big screen 2 1 / 4 by 1 1 / 2 , so you can easily see what 's going on- -a nice plus . this camera also has a nice " reminder " listing on the right of the display , so you can see flash setting ( on , off , etc. ) , iso setting for those of you that use that , and very nice way to access the other controls shown for the auto focus , self-timer , antishake , iso sensitivity , white background ( am i losing you yet ? ) , and so on . one point to remember is that this listing is arranged from most-likely-to-use to least-likely , so the user interface has been a strong consideration in the design of this camera . i 've gotten some nice pictures with this , with and without flash . a nice pick . why not 5 stars ? cuz i 've also bought a more expensive digital camera that gives me more choices , although for the price this camera is fine and it 'd be one i 'd buy again , but it is n't the equal of dig cams with 6x optical zooms , separate iso settings , and all those other techie things that , frankly , are n't that important to a lot of users but which do need to be considered in a rating . do buy a carrying case , as i have done , so the camera does n't get scratched or lost cuz it'z so small . i do n't have any " special fear " about this but it 's also easy to buy a small carrying case to stash this into , so why not do it ? as in all my reviews , i have no financial interest one way or the other in what i review . also , do n't forget you are likely to want a bigger memory card to store pix , and maybe a second battery to swap out when needed . consider these additional costs , but also consider these additional costs apply to any camera you buy . 
camera neg 601.txt great camera for the price . but i guess you get what you pay for , bad warranty.......... . 
books pos 327.txt i dedicate this review to women all around the world of all colour , races , religions , nationality and creed.. . ( all women are equal , in my eyes....nigel. . ) in this remarkable novel , sk makes his debut.an unlikely but good book.it has a good dose of horror / suspense and it is one of the best books i have ever read.. . it is simply about a teenager from maine , named carietta white ( carrie ) .from the beginning of the story we see who her mother ( margaret white ) takes advantage of her , making her feel stupid and left out.similiarly in school , carrie is always the " black sheep " , she has not friends and she is always picked upon.she is very unusual and strange , at least to most people , especially the ones in the book ( story ) . ( but i would say quite frankly that i did n't see here as anybody but a normal healthy teenage girl . ) at the beginning of the story we also see that carrie has her first period while taking a shower at school.she is laughed at and all the other girls throw toilet paper and tampons at her.this is her first big humiliation . ( i am a guy , i know not much about a period , so please forgive my use of the term openly ) anyway , back to the plot:carrie soon realizes that she is psychic.she starts to practice using her powers gradually.it seems as though she had the powers since birth , but the powers were dormant until puberty or at least she was unaware of it . so , so far we see this:a very unusual girl with psychic powers and a stupid mother . the story initially and mostly circulates around these facts but things get a little messy towards the middle and end . allow me.... . it is later revealed in the story that the psychic gift is sort of genetic.carrie 's mother explains alot of things , but she is still a bad mother . ( but i still ca n't hate carries 's mother , because most mothers are sort of protective over their children ) soon carrie gets her first friend sue.sue feels sorry for carrie and helps her to get a date for the prom . this date is tommy ross.. . meanwhile , one of the bad girls , chris , is unable to attend the prom.so , she sets up a nasty revenge against carrie.believe me when i tell you , chris is a very jealous girl and if she ca n't have something , no one else can , especially carrie . so chris arranges a trap for carrie . ( two buckets of pig blood ) she sets it up for the pig blood to fall on carrie 's and tommy 's head while at the prom.. . the plan eventually succeeds . tommy is badly injured . drenched in pig 's blood , carrie is laughed at , for the last time.she runs out of the building.she then remembers her psychic powers and decides to use it for revenge . she starts to close all the doors.she then turns on all the water sprinklers , wetting everyone . but with a combination of water and electricity ( from the appliances ) ....some were electrocuted . eventually a fire gets started.and things start to burn ! she walks toward her home , burning everything within a certain radius of her powers . when she reaches home her mother tries to kill her , telling her that she is the spawn of satan.she eventually uses her powers to stop her mothers ' heart beat , killing her . eventually ( this is the good part of the book ) , while carrie is walking on the streets ( going i do n't know where ) she seens chris and chris 's boyfriend driving towards her , to bounce her . carrie uses her powers to diverge to car , killing chris and her stupid boyfriend . sue eventually catches up with carrie.carrie does n't kill her because she realizes that it was n't sue 's falt but chris's . ( during the battle with her mother , carrie was stabbed , i forgot to mention it , sorry . ) so , now , talking with sue carrie eventually breathes her last breath and speaks her last words and just , dies . ( this is the sad part , i guarantee you that it would bring tears to your eyes , or maybe not ) but this book is definitely good , i recommend it with all my " psychic " powers . enjoy.............this review was written by nigel... . 
dvd pos 72.txt this is a teen movie with the endless teen theme of boy seeking to get the goodies from the girl . it is better than the average for this genre due to several factors . mostly , it is because is well done . the subject matter lends itself to course treatment but that is not what is presented here . instead , the situations are depicted with as much dignity as possible from hormone driven teenagers and is is presented with comedy . the time of the film is the 50s . society was more innocent back then but boys still had the same thing on their minds that they always have and always will . in this case , the school geek has a bad case for the school beauty queen . he is aided in his quest by the cool loner from out of town who has his own heart set on " the nice girl " . meanwhile , the unpopular girl has a bad case herself for the geek . the geek achieves his goal and learns that the decorative aspects of women sometimes cover up the less desirable traits . the loner finds that the nice girl really is a nice girl and that love is something special . the unpopular girl undergoes a hormone miracle and becomes a prize catch . everyone winds up happy except the town bully / rich boy . it is simplistic in its portrayal but no less appealing for that . kelly preston plays the beauty queen and she really is the stuff of dreams until the wrapper comes off . doug mckeon plays the geek who becomes a prize himself . catherine mary stewart is the nice girl that i wish had lived next door to me and jami gertz is the metamorphosed hormone miracle . the cast is rounded out by chris nash . each does a good job in the role . teen angst comes to the fore and a worthwhile story actually results . it was fun and bittersweet in the memories it conjured . 
software pos 247.txt easy to install and get started . i purchased it to manage my digital photo 's and not to do sophisticated picture editing or enhancements for publishing . it 's been easy to use for my purposes . if you are planning on doing professional level editing or graphic manipulation , do more homework on the robustness of this product . i ca n't comment on it 's capabilities for that purpose 
books neg 673.txt it is fiction of course . it can not be otherwise for what it contends may happen is impossible ! many reviewers are upset . upset perhaps but they should not be worried . the church is protected by christ 's promise that it will not err . any person of faith sees this book as fiction . it is a poor attempt to disguise greely 's left wing theology as fiction . the message to those liberals who find & quot ; hope&quot ; for their cause in this book : it ai n't going to happen . recommended reading : & quot ; women priests and other fantasies&quot ; greely and his followers are delusional 
software pos 564.txt we purchased this program on the recommendation of a friend because we have a 4-yr-old grandson who 's very interested in art and is comfortable with computers . turns out his older sister has the program in school , kindergarten . they both enjoy having this to play with when they visit 
music neg 872.txt i should have reviewed this along with fm . both were double record hit soundtracks . both represented youth . both are excellent time capsules of what radio was playing . one was a bad movie with a great soundtrack and the other was a classic movie with a terrible soundtrack . this is the terrible soundtrack . when the best songs are by billy squier and sammy hagar you know you 're in trouble . jackson browne , joe walsh , don henley are each awful . so were the go-go's . not surprisingly don felder and jimmy buffet both sucked . i almost fell asleep in route 128 traffic when graham nash played . the band that called themselves poco ca n't be the same poco i grew up with . there were some listenable tracks by timothy b . schmit , louise goffin and stevie nicks but then there 's quarterflash . however , amongst all this crap was a gem...the very last song is goodbye goodbye by oingo boingo . this song rocks and danny elfman sounds crazed . unavailable anywhere else which saves this from the trash 
books neg 583.txt as a former student of ms. morris , i will state that she and william morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by grand master takata . her history is to this day accurate 
software neg 72.txt i used easy creator 4 for years . bought new computers so bought easy creator 6. it will not work on 2 e-machines with xp . it wipes out cd rom drive so that it is unusable . i requested tech support 6 / 12 / 06. it 's 7 / 15 / 06 and i am still waiting . i uninstalled it . i found easy creator 5 platinum on amazon and ordered it . it works 
camera pos 715.txt i canceled this order because shipment was n't going to arrive in time for christmas 
health neg 123.txt i was looking forward to get the massager , which i was for a while searching . but i regret to inform you that i could use this item for only 2 times @ 15 minutes . after the it did n't work . ( the light on the adapter do not work ) i 'm glad that i can express this . 
dvd pos 581.txt funny thing to mention here is that the stated region block ( region 1 ) is n't really present . i took the shot to order this and unlock my dvd player if i had to ( i live in amsterdam , region 2 ) but i did n't have to ! ! this dvd is region free ! thanks amazon , but in future it would be nice to provide correct region-information . i bet that a lot european ( and perhaps australian , russian and so on ) customers cancel their order because of the region code not corresponding with their country region . regard 
software neg 294.txt the positive about pccillin is that it seems to work okay . it scans email and the firewall works okay . the negatives : - it supplies a lot of warning requests . this would be good , but they are n't explained in an easily understood dialog so you end up answering yes to permission requests without always knowing if that 's the best choice . - even though it supplies 3 license keys the program is a little buggy and sometimes loses the keys . if it loses the keys it disables the ability to update or click the customer service live chat button . the process of restoring the key on the computer is n't too hard , but requires a bit of assistance from customer support . - customer service is slow . sometimes i 've been lucky and gotten into support chat right away , but sometimes i 've had to wait 40 minutes or more . the support personnel do n't seemed to be trained technicians , but just phone support people reading through a manual with canned answers . getting to the right answer can take a long time and a lot of trial and error . i have used pccillin for about 2 years now . the latest version definitely is n't as good as it 's previous versions . i would n't recommend this product 
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen 
software neg 12.txt this is the worst version of adobe illustrator to be released since version 9. opens files that i 've been using for years and then writes scribbled , unopenable ' saved ' versions . crashes . ca n't save for mysterious reasons . writes " version 10 " files with text split into pieces . such a fine product ! really glad i paid money for it ! ! i downgraded back to irritator 10 
music pos 315.txt wow what a great cd . i 'm a big music fan of alot of different types of music and i have to say that this is one of the best cds that came out in 2004. you ca n't go wrong with this one . a 
health neg 666.txt absolute waste of money , this is not a pillow as advertised , in my opinion falsely , but a flat mat which , when filled with water is a very heavy weight and it is not possible to sleep on this . you could use it to wipe your feet on but thats all . an extremely disappointed customer who suffers from overheating badly in bed and thought this was a great solution . now out of pocket and no better off . 
dvd pos 369.txt simply the most entertaining mockumentary / film i 've seen in years and one of the best ever . the dvd is packed full of extras and outtakes so the fun lasts much longer than you 'd expect . jenna fischer is brilliant and james gunn is hilarious . you just have to buy it to understand 
books neg 224.txt in seeking to develop my own grant writing course , i reviewed 20 books on amazon . i was sold on this one by its extremely high amazon.com sales rank...probably the highest of this category . nevertheless , i was shocked and taken aback by a comment on the introduction page , that harkened back to my eighth-grader days : " you 'll learn that in grant writing you especially need to cultivate two abilities : meeting deadlines and following directions . " despite the obvious comprehensiveness of the materials presented in the book from ms burke-smith 's experience , i do n't know who 's responsible for the talking-down attitude presented here . this is my first everything title , and i do n't know if all everything titles are like this , or if it 's from award-winning business writer ms tremore . all i know is after getting such an introduction , what reader would wish to proceed into the book 's depths with that kind of attitude by one 's hoped-for mentors ? 
camera neg 133.txt i was deeply dissapointed in this lens hood . given that the cost is about 10% of the cost of the lens for which it was intended ( the 70-300 is in this case ) i expected it to be of stiff durable polycarbonate . -positives - fulfills the basic function of a lens hood - prevents flare , etc. the bayonet locking system is excellent , much easier to deal with than scew-on type lens hoods . that 's about it . -negatives - the polycarbonate is so thin i half expect it to be translucent . the hood must be gripped by the base to remove it , as grippng the thin end of the hood may break it ; or at least it feels like it may break it . its very long . especially on the 70-300 which is already a long lens , this makes a fully extended zoom about a foot long . that 's pretty conspicuous . it 's very overpriced vs. generic lenses ( $50 vs. $5-10 for rubber or metal ) . i traded it in and went with a kalt rubber lens hood . 2 stars for the great bayonet design , but the rest of it is weak 
music pos 707.txt i was introduced to nitin through my cousin who lives in england . she saw him live in london and raved about it...so off i went in search of this artist . he was difficult to find ; nonetheless i was determined . i am one of those people who love music from almost all genres , cultures and corners of the globe . in other words , i am not a radio-pop saccharine sweet loving music listener . i look for music that proposes thought ( although i do believe even top 40 has its place ) if you are looking for an album / artist that resonates emotion , along with a powerful subtlety check nitin sawhney out . you wo n't be disappointed . 
music pos 424.txt i first heard this album in the late 6o 's when it was originally released . starting with the first track , & quot ; blood of the sun&quot ; , i was hooked . leslie west was and has been a vastly unnoticed guitarist treasure . his throaty singing and driving band , featuring felix pappalardi , made this band one that should be placed on the list of & quot ; great ones&quot ; . probably due to the many other better publicized bands , like led zeppelin and the like , leslie west and mountain seemed to get shoved away into the closet . open the closet , you guitarists out there , and give this cd a try . i do n't think you will be anything but delighte 
books neg 320.txt while it 's certainly true that there will always be a gulf between reality and words , communication between reader and writer is nonetheless very real and potentially profound , thanks in no small part to empathy and the imagination . deconstructionism , by denying presence and instead proposing unlimited differences between signs , dismisses any connection between readers and writers and turns language into a hermetic system separated from the outside world which is , of course , inhabited by people who read and people who write . this is exactly what makes deconstructionism so empty and hypocritical : it rejects traditional metaphysics while adopting a pseudo-mystical position which regards language as some unstable and solipsistic alien creature independent of everything and everyone 
health neg 932.txt please careful about this grooming kit . i bought one week before and when i turn on first time it did not work and plug the power it did not work . this product just missed the simple logic when i connected to power adapter why should it has to use battery power to work instead it should directly work with power adapter regardless of battery charged or not . this lag of simple feature make me wait for 2 hours to charge before i use it at that time my kid started to cry as i try to trim his hair . also this can not be used for continuous use , if you use for small trimming then you have to wait for the battery to charge 
software neg 407.txt the product was easy to install but there was a trick i noticed . a day after installing the software i ran full scan . to try the sincerity of the software , i downloaded same free trial . to my chagrin i was told my computer has about 420 problems and could only fix about 15. my question now is are all these gimmicks 
music neg 443.txt this was o.k. nothing more nothing less . this album was hard to review , beacuse no songs really stick out . i mean the guy is a mediocre artist with mediocre rhymes , laced over just above mediocre beats . i have heard better sesame street singalongs for yappy kids in the back seat of a mini van . i mean what does the album have that sticks out ? " saturday to saturday " ? " bloody horseshoe " ? or the multi - faceted " boo , we ai n't forgot about you " none of the above , or none on the album . sorry . and please , all angry people who think that this is a bad review , remember , it 's a review . i can say what i want 
camera pos 406.txt we canoe / kayak down various rivers and creeks . i wanted a way to take my $1500 camera on the water without fear of damaging it . the sports pack is completely water proof ( up to 7m ) . i 've submersed the case in a test and in a real-life situation and the camera stayed dry . the case does not cause any noticeable reduction in picture quality . it is relatively simple to operate and assemble . you have only the basic functions of the camera while in the case , so you need to change any setting for the camera before putting it in the case and advanced camera features are not able to be used . my only concern is the scratch resistance of the plastic over the lens area . so far i have n't had any problems but i 've only taken on the river for about 30 hrs . all told , i 'm very pleased and if you plan on filming in or near water i would recommend this case 
dvd pos 878.txt there 's too much drama going on in this discussion ! i do n't really care about what year these episodes came out or that there are 9 missing episodes of the new scooby doo movies . i 'm just glad there 's more scooby ! ! 
music pos 75.txt 1978 the stage is set for an album to emerge out of the crumbling decay that is the city of cleveland . just like their other fellow ohion 's devo , the guys in pere ubu obviously saw the world in a slightly different way.i have owned this recording in various formats since 1980 and i have never grown tired of this album . i find this album to have an almost timless quality in that even though it was recorded over 25 years ago , if the original band itself tried to go back into the studio and re-record it , it just would'nt happen . there is just a certain magic that they captured in 1978 , as to the music itself i tend to break - up this album into 2 distinct parts . side one being the more accessible " drunken " side with more garage style sounds almost punk rock in its leanings guitar wise , but a little too intelligent , just listen to the lyrics.side 2 is definately the " drug " side like a bad acid trip vocalist david thomas takes you on a journey thru the seedy back streets of cleveland ( i have never heard smashing bottles sound so creepy or atmospheric ) and the rest of the band help to re-inforce this craziness by going off in a million different directions.i could give you a track by track anylisis of this record but suffice to say that music is somethig you should anylize , experience and consume at your own leisure , and then form your own opion of what each of the songs on this album mean to you . so if you loved things like throbbing gristle 's song hamburger lady then u will surely love pere ubu 's album the mordern dance.as another reviewer mentioned before black francis of the pixies fame must have almost certainly listened to these guys.i also hear there influences in recent bands such as portishead and queens of the stone age just to name a few.so if you enjoy bold experimental music that is still as fresh sounding as it was in 1978 then give your ears a chance to have a listen to this album , even if you have to beg , steal or borrow it . 
software neg 767.txt my daughter and another second-grade friend both got bored of this game after 20 minutes of staring at a horse standing in a stall and listening to a cat meow . the controls are not very logical , and there is no animation to speak of 
health pos 299.txt i 've tried several lumbar cushions from amazon and this one is the most comfortable , despite being so inexpensive . i only wish it did n't have the " wings " on the side 
software neg 658.txt this program causes my computers to blue screen . trend micro has been contacted twice , but have not responded 
books pos 574.txt this dark tragi-comedy resonates with the dramatic potential of hamlet , but and edge particular to jacobean drama . a play which is still relevant today ( many students related it to & quot ; the godfather&quot ; ) , and brimming with cinematic violence , lust , deception , vengence , and , with all this , communicated through beautiful poetry 
books neg 415.txt i tried as hard as i could but just could not get into this book . not quite as bad as her book , " impossible , " but close . danielle steel is getting so repetitive in her writing . basically , this book repeated over and over how much quinn liked sailing and how he neglected his wife throughout the years and that he did n't realize how much she meant to him until she was dying / dead . drivel . she could have elaborated on what was supposedly the storm of the century but ended it quickly or expanded on the characters themselves , but no . a waste of time . very hard to get through as there really is nothing there to get into at all . disappointing , to say the least . 
health neg 476.txt thought this would save time and be easier than a blow dryer and round brush , but no . my hair is long-ish and kind of fine / straight . the brushes would not grab the hair enough like my regular round hair brush . so , i could n't get the full volume results i wanted . i can see how those with thick or wavy hair would fare better . it is very loud though . i returned mine 
books neg 398.txt clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t . i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! ! 
software pos 458.txt if you do n't have an overly complicated tax return i found that taxcut is great to use . the thing i like most is the interview . even if you do n't think you qualify for what it is asking , say " yes " . it will ask more questions . if indeed you do n't qualify you have lost nothing and can proceed with the interview . in tax year 2005 it uncovered something i had missed and i filed ammended returns for 2004 & 2005 and pocketed $300. i also was excited about e-filing and direct deposit . i filed in early february and had both my federal and state refunds in my account in three weeks . it comes with deduction pro which makes keeping track of things very simple and it all imports for next year . amazon had the best price at $49 and free shipping for the february timeframe 
health pos 419.txt i used this while breastfeeding my son...and while i only had one issue of chapping , it was a lifesaver . i loved it then and have used it on several other things since..great on chapped hands , lips etc. but i do n't know what i would have done without this wonder creme . and it 's an essential baby gift that i tend to give at showers ! 
health neg 126.txt i ordered it because i have a couple friends that love it . well , i really do n't care for it . and now i ca n't find the return sticky label to return it and i 'm really bummed about that because it cost $55 ! ! maybe if you could help me with that , that would be great ! thanks beck 
software neg 67.txt ...for indesign to not have one basic features . everyone i know still does french folds , but in order to see double page spreads in indesign you have to lay them out wrong in the program , then you have to painstakingly go through your document and shift the entire document by one page , layout by layout . this is mortally stupid . at this point adobe should have figured how a tool like i.d. is actually used in conjunction with a printer , not just assumed the user wants to print what they see on their screen . the oversight is the difference between avergage klunky desktop publishing software and a great layout tool . why is n't there a button that toggles me between the layout view and priont output ? why do i have to slave over a document like this ? adobe , stop thinking in the abstract and investigate how your software can facilitate printed results . also who knows how you get an alpha path or clipping path into this ? mine shows me a heavily pixelated , entirely xparent bw image when it supposed to be a cropped color image . what do you want me to do with that 
health neg 489.txt i 've used much better electric shavers in the past . i find it hard to hard to get a close shave but easy to scrape my skin . 
dvd pos 154.txt this is a great work out ! you can really work up a sweat and it 's low impact on the knees 
camera pos 159.txt yep , it extends the eyepiece out a little bit ... which helps those of us with noses not smudge the lcd display ... but it also distorts the view in an annoying way . i use mine on occasion ... but not all the time 
camera neg 506.txt i have owned several digital cameras , and this is my current digital camera in hands . i would write a short review as a critical person with concentration only on important things to watch for . pros - uses only 2 aa batteries . - battery life is very good . - small camera size . easily fits into a pocket . - can set ' + ' flash level , which forces camera to make a stronger flash . i use it almost every time . cons - resolution . the images are not sharp in terms of that you ca n't distinguish individual pixels when looking at the real size picture . i would say , there is no much difference in quality between 4 mp and 50% ( 1 mp ) scaled down version . the same problem exists in sony dsc w1 camera . - i had many problems with " on " button . sometimes camera refuses to turn on . it can be fixed by shaking camera and trying again . ( it could be a defect in my camera only ) . - some camera parts are painted plastic , which can be scratched . - camera can lose all settings and preferences if left with discharged batteries ( ~several hours ) or without them at all ( 10 minutes ) . - video quality 640x480 is pretty good in high quality mode , but eats flash space very quickly . windows 2000 did n't have the right codec to view the file . i had to install it by myself . - camera is performing slightly below the average in low lighting condition with auto settings 
dvd neg 792.txt hank chinaski ca n't hold a job , ca n't hold a woman , ca n't control his alcoholism , and ca n't make a decent friend because he wallows with the dregs of society . chinaski is the lowest of the semi-functioning drunks , barely able to keep himself in seedy hotels and in liquor . unfortunately , the movie does n't hold much interest besides seedy bars and seedy people . chinaski 's struggles as a writer are only touched upon and not delved into . there 's no budding poet or tragic talent underlying his alcoholism . the closest he comes to poetics , imho , is where he tells his ex-boss openly that he really needs his last check typed out now because he needs to get drunk . ' factotum ' is saved only by the acting and the ability of the costume designer to turn matt dillon ( hank ) , lili taylor ( jan ) , and marisa tormei ( laura ) into sleazy characters who look rode hard and put out wet in each and every scene . the script is stilted , without any highs or lows to it . the movie is n't near as fatalistic as ' leaving las vegas ' , or as hard hitting as ' requiem for a dream ' , and without any of the comedic relief from ' spun' . the closest comparison would be the jaw-stretching yawn-fest of ' drunks' . even if you love addiction movies like i do , or love dillon or tormei , that still is n't enough to recommend this movie . if curiosity overcomes you as it did me , then rent the movie before buying it . it 's earned two stars for the acting alone . have a ball or something else to play with if you rent this , it 's that boring . 
camera pos 363.txt my first digicam , bought it 2 years ago . simple to use , great pictures , and a year ago ( and hundreds of pictures ago ) i dropped it ( no in its case ) on a cobblestone road - no damage . have never seen the need to replace it . i like the common batteries it uses and the sd memory 
health pos 110.txt very handy that you can put it in your handbag wherever you go . you can use it to read those tiny words in the label when you are grocery shopping . better than magnifier glass because the width of this bookmark covers the whole line of a page 
books pos 861.txt a classic ! i loved paddington as a child and i 'm thrilled to have this in our cd collection . ( i 'd even listen without the kids ! ) . stephen fry reads the stories very well 
dvd neg 735.txt terrible follow up to the first movie . this movie does not hold a candle to the first classic movie staring john travolta and olivia newton john . the acting is bad , and it is not worth the money . it belongs where most grease belongs ... in a bucket under the sink . 
dvd neg 487.txt this dvd is not shaolin idiot but an older film of stephen chow . it 's really a film called " look out , officer " that stephen chow made in 1990. shaolin idiot is not out yet to my knowledge . if you want stephen chow 's " look out , officer " you should buy this dvd if not , don't . 
dvd pos 515.txt mathau and lemon are very funny and no wonder they continued to make other movies together like " grumpy old men . " the plot line is straighforward but their acting and character sketch makes it truly entertaining and captures their classic relationship . 
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ; 
books neg 838.txt this book is very dissapointing . sure , this book is full of information , but does not know how to teach . this book is not completely written in step by step method . before you actually start touch your project , you are fed up with information . i even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter . dvd comes with this book , but this dvd is not a lesson project like apple pro training series . not useful . if you are beginner and start studying dvd studio pro 4 , do n't by this book ! you 're going to waste your money . buy the one from apple pro training series , which is much better , easy to understand . 
software pos 77.txt purchased for my mom to use and she loves it . she says it is easy to use and she really enjoys making personalized cards for people . if she 's happy with it , so am i 
dvd neg 961.txt to start i am a very big fan of doris day for yeays . i had just bought the 6 dvd box set of her movies & loved that so i decided to buy this tv series . it is so awful words ca n't describe it . it 's not because it 's " dated " because i love lucy is alot older & sheer perfection . it 's initially nice to see doris in another genre but this first series just does n't work for me for many reasons . the subject matters chosen are thoughtful ( that 's the reason i gave it two stars & the presence of doris ) ..i 'll tell you the show just bored me & i found myself fast forworded through the last 10 episodes.the dvd extra interviews with two members of the cast are interesting . there 's no new interviews with doris ( that 's an old interview they put on there ) .i think the only thing new is that 8x10 shot with her dog 
dvd pos 575.txt for ina claire ninotchka was a last chance to show posterity what she could do , for there would n't be many film opportunities offered her . she 'd been a leading lady of the stage for nigh on thirty years , and her elegant beauty , very much a high-bred dina merrill type look , was still aglow . she was one of carl van vechten 's favorite subjects and he took photo after photo of her , staring imperiously against a wall of baize , or reclining on a lace pillow as fleecy as her beautiful blonde hair . she suffered the ultimate indignity the following year at mgm , when her part in i take this woman was taken away from her and given to the cheaper verree teasdale . her director , josef von sternberg was also let go , and in fact the whole picture was redone so many times studio wags called it i re-take this woman ! the " woman " in question was hedy lamarr ; after ina claire 's hilarious showdowns with garbo in ninotchka , the studio might have thought her perfect for the part of lamarr 's central european rival . a year or so later , and edmund goulding put her to work as dorothy mcguire 's mother in the charming , underrated claudia , but that is definitely a mother part and as such , put an end to ina claire 's film career . as the countess " swana " she gets lots of billy wilder 's best lines and laughs . she 's not afraid of anyone , much less garbo . much has been written about the chemistry between garbo and melvyn douglas , indeed a delightful mix , but the picture would have lacked a lot of its edge without swana 's steely , icy hauteur and her adroit manipulations . in real life ina claire lived on to a great old age . she was 92 when the last curtain fell for her , and here in san francisco , where she spent most of her life , all the lights in her building went off for an hour , precisely at 8:30 , while her fans stood on the street , devoted and vigilant in our own way as the fans surrounding the dakota hotel when john lennon died 
camera pos 237.txt i have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time . i have tried backpacks , shoulder bags , duffel bags , but none of them really worked all that well . then i saw the lowepro street and field system with completely customizable pouches , vests , belts , and accessories . it works great , you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used ( put frequently used items in easier to access places . ) the variety alone of this system is worth the investment , but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus . you can get a case for any lens , camera body , or accessory you have . i even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle . one word of caution , be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch , because sometimes the lens will fit , but then the lens with the lens hood will not . i often carry 5-6 lenses , extension tubes , teleconverters , extra memory cards and batteries , and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets , which weights a ton . but when they are evenly distributed on this vest / belt lowepro system it is actually very manageable . the only down side is that everyone will be staring at you because you have thousands of dollars of camera equipment strapped to your body . but if you can overlook that , this is the way to go . i have used this system at many zoos without ever having problems , in fact just unzipping a single lens and switching seems safer to me than opening an entire bag of equipment every time you want to switch lenses . many of the cases also come with a built in rain / snow cover so if the weather changes all of your equipment is not destroyed . you can also put just a few pouches on a normal belt when you are just going to take photos in the back yard or do n't need to take all of your equipment , which is nice . i really ca n't say enough about how much easier this makes traveling with a lot of equipment , if you have been hopelessly searching for a better solution , consider this , you wo n't regret it . 
software neg 696.txt this product is an absolute piece of junk . do not buy this product . will not even load properly onto computer . have wasted several hours trying to install product on windows xp platform with no success . i have wasted a whole day trying to install this piece of junk on my computer , now i will probably waste another day trying to return this bunch of garbage to the vendor . 
books pos 505.txt this book has a wealth of information for any practitioner of yoga , from beginner to advanced . the content is concise and practical , and the poses are sequenced in a way that allows for a gradual and safe progression in the practice . there are also dozens of practice sequences given for both improvement and how to treat common ailments through yoga . the introduction is especially valuable , as it offers a no fluff in-depth commentary on the philosophical thought behind the asana practice . i pick it up again and again and am still referring to it after nearly 15 years of owing it . my copy is dog eared and loved , and was well worth every penny . an earlier reviewer mentioned that the photos and layout were not user friendly , and only gave the book two stars , which is a shame . this book was first printed in the mid 1960 's - over 40 years ago ! it was the first yoga book of it 's kind to ever be printed , and it 's content is timeless and as relevant today as ever . mr. iyengar even had to struggle with his then publisher to be allowed to include so many photos , as it was so expensive in those days to print such a book . i say hats off to the man who brought yoga to the west long before it was ready . he 's a pioneer and a virtuoso of his craft , and his marvelous work should never be over overlooked just because it does n't come in some glossy package fit for the masses 
health pos 137.txt i like the 4 brush holder and the power and brushing action of this model . the kids find the 30 second interval timer especially helpful to keep moving around the mouth . it 's a bit louder than the older model , probably because it 's got an additional motion , and the blue charging light is bright enough for a night light . overall , just what we wanted 
dvd neg 825.txt not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket . i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done 
health neg 907.txt everyone in my family has owned these clic goggles . my original pair gave out after three years of use . i ordered these because they said " standard size " they normally come in small medium and large . well , i am medium and the standard size is large ( same as my husbands ) . i had to tape them at the back to make them smaller so i could wear them . did not have time to return....very disappointed . will consider this before ordering from you again . 
software pos 33.txt i upgraded from version 5. i do n't use very many of the features . but the big difference i see is , files sizes seem to be greatly reduced . something i would scan and be 10mb , now might be 2mb . this is just opinion , nothing scientific . the interface takes some getting used to , a bit different . overall for the price ( $99 - less $20 rebate ) , a great deal 
music pos 194.txt well it 's not quite as good as rising which is the best album ever but it 's still amazing . 1.man on the silver mountain - 10 / 10 this track is a classic and is still played at every dio concert and ritchie blackmore still performed it at every rainbow concert until rainbow disbanded in 1997 but anyway this may be ritchie blackmore 's strongest riff ever ! and dio 's vocal performance is excellent . anyway it 's a great fantasy song by dio and blackmore and still got radio play so it appeals to everyone . 2.self portrait - 10 / 10 excellent dark song by the band which fits dio 's voice perfectly another classic ! 3.black sheep of the family - 8 / 10 good song but not a rainbow song it 's a cover and that 's a shame because i would have loved to hear dio 's brilliant lyrics another original song but anyway still a good listen 4.catch the rainbow - 10 / 10 another classic from this album as dio shows how well he can sing ballads as well as epics and rockers . blackmore has a solo full of feeling and this was performed at every rainbow concert until dio left the band . 5.snake charmer - 10 / 10 another song that takes place in the middle ages which is rainbow 's trademark . anyway this song is very underrated and should have been a classic . dio has brilliant lyrics and vocals as usual and it 's no suprise that blackmore supplied excellent solos and riffs for this one 6.temple of the king - 10 / 10 here is the best ballad of all time ! ! ! ronnie 's vocals are perfect for this song and his lyrics are amazing too . blackmore throws togethor and a great arrangemant and solo aswell to make this maybe the best track on the album . 7.if you do n't like rock n roll - 8 / 10 kind of cheesy lyrics but a good track and it sounds more like an elf track . 8.sixteenth century greensleeves - 10 / 10 great song ! a real classic as dio puts togethor another great fantasy song . blackmore 's riffs is brilliant and his solo is full of bends and shredding . 9.still i 'm sad - 10 / 10 well the version with vocals is much than this instrumental version but this version is brilliant too . the live version off on stage however with dio 's vocals blow it away . i still wonder why there were n't any vocals on this . the band is ronnie james dio - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar gary driscoll - drums mickey lee soule - keyboards , piano , mellatron craig guber - bass 2 
music pos 727.txt hell rell did his job , i was n't expecting anything as good as this . hell rell outdid himself . 
books neg 584.txt i am a big fan of the missing manual series . previous books have given me lots of insights into my installed software and have made my computing time much more efficient . i therefore approached this book with much enthusiasm . office is such a gargantuan program , with tons of bells and whistles , that microsoft itself estimates that most users take advantage of less than a third of its capabilities . however , the book is a major disappointment , because of its many mistakes and poor organization . most of the mistakes are ones you can work around- -for example , on page 8 the topics covered by appendixes a and b are reversed- -but the sheer number of such mistakes makes reading the book a major distraction . every few pages i find myself going to the missing manuals web site to report yet more errata , such as incomplete or wrong instructions , figures that do not agree with the text or figure captions , incomprehensible writing , seeming confusion between the mac and pc versions of the program , etc. and i agree wholeheartedly with a previous reviewer who complained about the inadequate index . it looks as though o'reilly publishers did not do an adequate proofing of the book , but instead rushed it out as soon as possible . that is too bad , because i will now be much more hesitant to purchase another missing manuals title 
camera neg 614.txt i loved this camera when i received it and used it a couple of times . then , it just stopped working . i have since purchased the same camera elsewhere and it is works great . maybe this was just a bad egg . good camera , but 2 months of use for the money was n't good 
health neg 326.txt takes forever to shave - and still does n't get everything - still have to end up shaving with a razor . frustrating - but good concept 
dvd pos 744.txt i have always been a fan of movies that mix special effect animation with live action and the mask is no exception . i would also have to say that the mask is one of a kind in terms of unique films . there are many good things about this film aside from the well written script and good acting but i think the one thing that shines the most about the mask is the special effects and the humor that goes along with it . for those of you who do n't know , a big portion of the effects and humor from this movie stem from the old tex avery cartoons such as droopy the dog and the lone wolf who lusts after the nightclub dancer in a red dress ( this feature is shown in the bonus section of the dvd ) . these kind of cartoons were always my favorite growing up aside from looney tunes . getting back on the subject , what i also found thrilling about the mask is how well the dog milo was trained to perform certain task . if you have seen this movie , you know what i 'm talking about . the training of the dog is also shown in the bonus section of the dvd . the movie itself was a take-off of the comic series of the mask . though not quite as dark as the comics , the film itself managed to portray enough adult humor and semi-violence so that the mask would not be deemed as a children 's film hence the pg-13 rating . a big plus to the mask was how jim carrey portrayed the different character traits of stanley ipkis and stanley ipkis wearing the mask . another big plus about this movie is the main villain getting hold of the mask . and of course , who can dislike ben stein 's typical character of a monotone man with sarcastic remarks ? oh , and cameron diaz is an absolute babe in this movie as well . as for the dvd , this re-release is an improvement from the previous . you get 5.1 surround sound along with a crisp widescreen picture . the added bonus features are also great and should be viewed to appreciate what was put in to making this movie 
software pos 378.txt i 've used paperport 9 for about 3 years , currently running under win xp . i love it , my wife loves it , i have bought it for my kids , and recommend it to others . a lawyer friend of mine raves about it . i 've had no problems with it . ( i had to downlaod and install an upgrade , but more recent production probably has the upgrade already incorporated . ) i download bank and credit card statements and other documents to it from the internet ; i store faxed documents in it ; i scan checks before i deposit them ; i use it to convert documents to pdf so i can e-mail them . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is that i wish it were more convenient to do a couple of things ; maybe v . 10 adds those features , but for the money , v.9 is a bargain . i just wish i had a faster scanner ( what do you expect for $60 ? ) so i could get rid of more paper documents . highly recommended as a start toward the paperless office 
health neg 312.txt if you are looking for accuracy and durability do not by this product 
software pos 123.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot ! 
health neg 980.txt i had this for about 2 years , and was not impressed . it worked for a month or so , and since then , does nothing . if you fill it up with water , and then plug it in for several days , the water level never goes down . i 've tried cleaning it repeatedly , and tried various things to make it work , but apparently it 's just dead . it was a cheap product ; you get what you pay for 
software neg 246.txt i have used ms streets and trips 2005 and 2006 for over a year . it has some map errors that i wish were updated . i read that the delorme street atlas was far superior , so i bought it . it only took one day for me to find a mountain of problems . not only is the mapping way out of date ( many years ) microsoft streets and trips 2006 maps are far more up to date . on many occasions told me to turn the wrong direction on roads even when the road does n't exist in that direction . it does n't even know the name of some very old roads displays.. . " unknown name " while driving on very old established roads it tells me to turn onto a road that is actually an elevated overpass that i am driving 30 feet below . the program actually wanted me to get back on the freeway by making a u-turn from an off ramp to an on ramp . i have used microsoft streets in all of these same areas and it is much more usable . the delorme is very confusing and frustrating . i 'm sending it back for a full refund 
dvd neg 926.txt one of the most boring....dull....stupid peter sellers comedies . if you can find more then 2 or 3 laughs good luck . i love peter sellers in the pink panther movies and he was brilliant in a great number of films.....but he falls far short in this one and goldie hawn is wasted totally 
health pos 900.txt i used aveeno moisturizer and thought i would try something new . i have eczema on my face ( around my eyes , nose and mouth ) in the winter and have no signs of it after a few days . my skin is very sensitive , and have experienced burning with other products , but not this one . i sinks in quickly and is not greasy feeling or heavy , yet strong enough to tackle dry skin . i highly recommend it 
camera pos 380.txt have had good luck with these batteries . they last for a long time . first time with amazon and it was a good experience . will use them again 
software pos 335.txt i liked the older version better , i hope to get use to the new version 
camera pos 117.txt i have had this bag for a year and recommend it . i use it all the time . it 's a great walkaround bag . the first time you 're in a place where you want to get to your camera quickly or do n't want to put your bag down you 'll appreciate the sling design . just be aware for a long mountain hike you may feel the weight on your shoulder after some time . my only error was getting the 100 - i should have gone with the 200 , and plan to do so . i like to keep my lens hood in place which requires a little more room . i 'd also found that i need a little more room for non-camera things . a word on the all-weather cover - a great feature . a few weeks ago i was in bermuda and walked to a beach about 25 minutes away . just as i arrived a soaking rain began that did n't let up for the entire walk back . if i had n't been able to pull on the cover my equipment would have been soaked . now i would n't buy a bag without one 
software pos 95.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade 
camera pos 679.txt the battery is perfect and once in the camera , is indistinguishable from the original . 
camera neg 702.txt i bought this product from a nearby retailer . the packaging is deceptive . the photoframe must be plugged into an external power source or you must buy a uniquely designed battery from the manufacturer . the battery is $35.00 with shipping , and it is poorly designed so that when installed the battery case rubs the connector wiring . this frame has no on-board memory , so to use it you must have one of the two types of memory it accepts . this is an additional expense . after purchasing the photoframe i discovered the plastic frame was chipped and the device did not perform as the instructions said it should . i took it back to the store and opened eight boxes before i found one which had an unbroken frame . i took that photoframe home and discovered the device would not work as the instructions described . i then went to another of the retailers ' locations to exchange the device ( the original location had shipped their entire inventory back to the manufacturer ) . with the retailer 's very helpful clerks i tested three more photoco photoframe devices , none of them worked as described ( they would not scroll through and album of photos ) . i returned the item to the retailer and received a full refund for the device , then by email i requested a refund for the price of the battery . photoco replied that if i sent them the battery they would refund its price . i mailed the battery on may 6 , and then inquired about my refund on may 14. photoco replied that the only employee who could process the refund was out sick . on 3 / 17 i sent an email demanding immediate processing of my refund . photoco said that my credit had been processed but that i might not see the credit for 7 to 10 days . i still have not received my credit for the battery . if you want to avoid a headach , avoid doing business with this company . read the other reviews before considering this product 
books pos 156.txt i was referred to this book by my midwife ( debra o'conner ) as a book that i had to read as it 's content was so & quot ; right on&quot ; and was she ever right . i know alot about my body . i am a licensed massage therapist and a mother of a 3 year old that i had at home . i spent hours and hours learning about my body during the childbirth process . that was great knowledge to add to the physiology i learned during my massage training . this book though , is something that every woman in our culture today should read . i now understand so much about my life and the directions it has taken ! i hope to give this to everyone i know who has a daughter . i hope they will read it for themselves and then pass in on to their daughters when they feel the time is right . our culture today is so lacking in this kind of positive message . it is women 's reality and needs to be shared . of course it is written by a midwife ! thank you elizabeth 
books pos 498.txt the book is complete brand new and i got it very quickly after the order even with the free shipping service . in addition , the price is pretty good for the book with such a good condition . 
software neg 400.txt i have used both paperport 8 and paperport 9 deluxe for over a year so i am qualified to report . both pieces of software have some form of severe incompatibility with windows xp pro . i cannot really get version 9 to operate . everytime i try its like cold molasses . click...wait....wait....wait...wait...and then lock up . i 'm very experienced . i 've been working with pcs since 1991. every other piece of software i 've loaded works very well...except for paperport 8 and 9. in theory paperport 9 should be fine because it converts all scans to pdf which is more or less a universal file format . however theory is a lot better than reality . support is nonexistent from scansoft . if you pay the $19.95 per incident , you still do not get a solution . the scansoft forum is always either not working ( another bad sign ) or it 's full of people complaining about the software and lack of support . unfortunately there are not a lot of alternatives , but doqments looks promising . avoid paperport unless you have money and time to waste 
music neg 359.txt this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself . 
camera pos 599.txt this is why sony is hot ! this sexy little ( yes its really small the size of a pack of cards ) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation , make sure to get a memory stick with it though , because w / o it it only holds about 15 pics . this is my first digital camera and i would definitely buy sony again 
camera pos 573.txt my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced 
books neg 994.txt whether you 're planning to read through crowley 's book of thoth for the first time , or if you think you know every little thing crowley was getting at with it , this book is going to be equally useless to you . several of crowley 's diagrams from the book of thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly , but sadly that 's the only good thing about this book . the book is filled with a lot of fluff . duquette tells many useless anecdotes of crowley 's and harris ' lives , and constantly excuses and defends crowley 's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper . duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found crowley 's works , so perhaps its some sort of atonement . but the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with crowley 's character . through out the book of thoth crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems . having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid . unfortunately duquette does n't do this . his background information is base and scarce . he does spend some time explaining about thelema and kabbalah , but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this , duquette does n't give nearly enough information to understand crowley 's works , and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere . as for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on crowley 's work , duquette outright fails . at times it seems as if duquette does n't even understand crowley or the book of thoth and the associated tarot deck . i do n't think the man even understands tarot in general ( and duquette 's own tarot deck is evidence of this too ) . at his best , duquette only manages to rephrase what crowley had to say in the book of thoth . typically though a lot of what crowley was getting at is complete lost in duquette 's work , a lot of it no doubt because duquette never really understood crowley at anything but a very base level . reading through the book of thoth , there are a few ways in which duquette could have made his book better . crowley 's phonetic translation of the i ching does n't follow the current standard , and sometimes the differences are confusing , especially if the reader is not already familiar with the i ching . a key showing crowley 's translation and the standard translation would 've been helpful . likewise crowley rarely wrote on astrology , despite astrology being alluded to many times through the book of thoth , and what he did write is hard to find . a chapter explaining crowley 's views on astrology would 've been great . if that was n't possible , then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what crowley was working with would have been helpful . however duquette 's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read . duquette 's book is n't useful as a reference to crowley 's work . duquette does n't seem to understand crowley most of the time , and fails to adequatley explain crowley 's ideas . besides some new-agey nonsense , like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays , duquette does n't offer any new ideas or insights into crowley 's work . except for a few nice diagrams ( which are common enough and easy to find ) , there is n't anything worthwhile contained in this book . at least not anything you wo n't get out of reading crowley 's book of thoth 
health pos 70.txt these are very tasty . they take care of a sweet tooth without all the unpronouncable ingredients or being terrible for you . they also are great in a diaper bag , purse , center console of a car for when you get hungry and need something to tie you over until you are at home or whatever your destination 
health neg 746.txt this straightener has been one of the worst i have ever used . it did n't straighten at all . i had to go over sections of my hair more than 10 times to get it at least semi straight . it did not stay straight either . &#60 ; br / & #62 ; waste of money ! ! ! do n't buy 
camera neg 115.txt this camera worked very well until the lens got jammed in its extended position . i sent the camera for warranty service ( i had it less than 7 months ) , and they refused to honor the warranty because it was a bit scuffed and a little decorative ring on the end of the lens that had been attached with 2-sided tape had come off . they claimed this happened due to physical damage , but this occurred during normal use : i was just changing modes and the lens did n't retract . do n't bother trying to get warranty service unless the unit looks brand new . even then , do n't be surprised if they renege on the warranty . i had another a410 that did the very same thing ( lens got jammed ) , but was stolen in a break-in before i sent it out for service ( so i suppose it was no loss after all ) . obviously there is a design flaw that causes the lens to extend too far and come off track inside . in short , this camera is not suitable for frequent use in the field . if you buy it , and plan to use it a lot , expect to be buying another camera or paying for a repair that should be covered under warranty ( which i 'm not doing ) soon . 
health pos 628.txt i 've had one of these little trimmers for four or five years now . it does its jobs , and i 've have no reliability problems at all . one word of advice - - do n't use it on " the boys " without the little plastic guard or you 'll be sorry. . 
music neg 794.txt i definitely understand why this band is classified as emo . this cd helped me solidify the impression i had that i do n't care for emo . the album is not bad and the band is tight enough for a young band , but the issue i have with emo and with this album in particular , is it 's not really anything . it 's not hardcore , it 's not really melodic....it 's sort of stuck in the middle of both but not quite reaching either one . maybe i 'm not the target audience for emo or this band....i get that , that 's ok . i ca n't stop thinking thursday seem like they 're trying desperately to sound like fugazi and never really getting there . and that 's the rub of it i guess....with bands like thursday and she wants revenge...they appear to be reaching for the roots of alternative / hardcore or newwave music but for someone who knows what the real thing sounds like , they 're a poor imitation . the sound is immature and lacks the urgency and edge that the original bands had at the time . i have a friend with a 14 year old son who asked me to burn him a copy of this cd . i think i 'll just be giving it to him and calling it done 
books pos 319.txt this book covers in depth the lbo of rjr nabisco in the late 1980s . recommended to me by an investment banker friend that knew i wanted to go into m&a work , i decided to read it . i thought the book was excellent , but maybe unnecessarily long . the authors were meticulous in explaining everything about the deal and those involved - from the history to every single meeting and telephone conversation . the two authors never mentioned whether they were present during every conversation or not , but did an incredible job at recreating all that happened nonetheless . for someone interested in pursuing a top wall street job , this book is a must . for everyone else that just likes good non-fiction , this book does a superb job at representing the greed of an era 
dvd pos 244.txt bob clark 's 1974 chiller classic , which went on to inspire many elements of " halloween " and " when a stranger calls " , is definitely one of the better , if not best , horror films out there . period . not high on blood , but very high on suspense , dread , atmosphere , and out-of-the-dark surprises . a sorority house ( to include the lovely olivia hussey , the vulgar alcoholic margot kidder , and sctv vet andrea martin ) falls victim to vicious , violent , and altogether menacing phone calls during the christmas holidays . soon , students on campus begin turning up missing . though some events do go unexplained ( which could be positive , considering the mystery involved ) and the film tends to go borderline predictable in some sorts , this is undeniably one of the creepiest horror films , with the most tense , moody photography ever captured on film . keir dullea and margot kidder turn in quite effective performances . highly recommended 
dvd neg 424.txt this movie made no sense to me whatsoever . it was n't really funny and it was n't scary . the only thing that i got was that he killed zombies or " returners " as he called theme . and was upssed with one . i have to admit the female lead in the film was hot . but that was the only good thing in the film . it was also boring . but if you are into forgin fright films this is the movie for you 
camera pos 173.txt fits my canon sd550 perfectly and no complains abt that . the quality of the product is pretty good . when used with the belt clip , its easy to open and easy to put the camera back . camera seems very secured when used with the belt clip . 
books neg 162.txt although i have only read a few specific subjects in this book , i am only giving it 1 start because the information in the section on hyperemesis is extremely inaccurate and perpetuates outdated myths about this very serious and life-threatening disease . for anyone who has had hyperemesis gravidarum ( hg ) , reading that a spa day would be beneficial , is not only absurd , but also insulting . many women with hg cannot get to another room of the house without help , much less drive a car to a spa ! hg is a disease and not a psychological condition . women cannot stop the disease at will . this myth has resulted in a century of poor and sometimes abusive treatment of these afflicted women , causing excessive and unnecessary stress and misery , not to mention preventable complications during pregnancy and in their resulting children . some women have life-long effects . ( ... 
health pos 670.txt the clippers are excellent quality and cut well . we have a poodle that has very thick hair . if you take your time , these clippers do a wonderful job 
software neg 296.txt this software now constantly tries to get you to upgrade to a " better " package - the schedule c for small business . i used to like turbotax , but it has really gotten to be a pain . and finally , i spent two days trying to e-file , always getting a server busy message from intuit . this is after they got my credit card number and $34. to file the fed and state tax returns . so i had to hand assemble the return and make the trip to the post office . intuit lobbied the gov to let them keep this big $$$ plum , and then screwed it up . they had this same problem last year , and it is worse this year . time to call all our representatives and get e-file free from the irs . it saves the irs money , far more than it costs . why is intuit allowed to suck this much more from us after making big profits on the package 
music pos 209.txt this might be the best cd that has come out this year . it may be will oldham 's best cd since " viva last blues . " it may be better than " viva last blues " although these are two different styled cds . " the letting go " has a mostly very mellow sound . almost every song is beautiful . the string and guitar melodies are uplifting . will oldham 's voice is grounding , it is the familiar voice you have heard for the past decade or so . dawn mccarthy 's voice will then again lift you up . mccarthy 's voice is a fantastic companion to oldham's . other singers / bands have tried to use a female voice to echo or accompany the lead vocal and it has often become irritating . this is not the case with " the letting go , " mccarthy 's accompaniment adds so much to the album but without taking away from oldham . i have n't listened to a will oldham album since " ease down the road . " this makes me want to go back and listen to those albums i have missed . one song in particular , " the seedling " ( i believe ) has a different sound than the rest of the album . it has a harsher sound , but is still a good song . this is a great introduction if you are new to oldham or if you are returning listener . 
health neg 691.txt too difficult to program , have had 2 weeks and still have not been able to complete process , instructions stay on screen too short a time , all i am able to get is weight , cannot see other information on screen unless on floor and right on top of it , would send back but too much of a hassel and expense , too expensive for a scale that is only to give me my current weigh 
dvd neg 2.txt i am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent ! ! as for me , i made it about thirty minutes into the film before turning it off in dismay . the fault in order of importance : poor screenplay , poor cinematography and poor performance by pacino , who seems to be vying for the most over-the-top performance . the film was absurd in many ways from the outset : the pans from star to star lasting just short of giving the viewer any purpose for any of the fast camera pans . close-up after close-up conveying no meaning , pacino overacting like jack palance in one of his not-so-famous european pieces of tripe from the sixties and seventies , an utterly dumb plot with pacino and company proving at the beginning that they are bumbling cops . first example , they chase the bad guy to a cabin which is on stilts or something like that ; then , instead of staying on the ground below and smoking the bad guy out or something at least tactically sound , they storm the stairs and pacino stands right in front of the door yelling " police , you 're under arrest . " they kick in the front door and find that the culprit has escaped through an underground water source . of course , pacino follows and dives right into the underwater stream , having absolutely no idea where the guy is or if there are boobytraps of some sort . cut to pacino running around in nearly zero visibility fog , glimpsing the guy for a second or two before losing him in the fog . stumbling around further , pacino is obviously disoriented until a shot is fired at him from , we must assume , his quarry . did the screen writer forget that pacino 's colleagues are also supposedly chasing the culprit , too ? inevitably and apparently not , because pacino spots a figure in the fog and plugs him . as i watched this scene unfold , i became thoroughly disheartened when it becomes clear what i knew already , that pacino has fired on and killed his partner . it was then that i decided that i had had enough . by the way , the european version , with stellan skarsgaard is infinitely superior . do n't waste your money or on-line rental queue on this hollywood drivel . ditto for the other pacino junk i rented at the same time , the recruit , which i could only stand for about a half hour too 
camera pos 605.txt at first it was a little hard to get my pictures to look as good as the samples , but i found that by re-sizing them to about an inch or so on the computer before downloading them that they show up alot better . also , the ones with higher contrast are easier to see farther away . just look at the samples that come pre-loaded to remind yourself that it is possible to get great-looking pics at a surprisingly high resolution . after a few practice downloads i was thrilled with the results . **another plus : this one came with a wall charger . most have to be plugged in to the usb to charge . the wall charger makes it perfect to share on vacation when you 're away from your computer 
books pos 938.txt the theory behind this important collection of essays is that & quot ; the history of medieval power is to be sought in microcosms . &quot ; these essays demonstrate quite effectively that it can be found there as well . each essay focuses on a facet of the shifting power relationships in twelfth and thirteenth century europe . at issue in each are the questions of what or who held the power to command or punish , and how that power was obtained , kept and manifested . this is a truly enlightening book . of particular interest are the essays on holding power over the truth , as well as those dealing the formation of the nobility into a self-consciously chivalric warrior class . however , all the essays are intelligent and useful explorations into the very nature and meaning of power . ultimately , this book must be considered essential for any serious student of history , casual or academic 
health pos 55.txt this book is beautiful outside , i love the lace up binding and place for picture on the front . what i do not like is how there is no specific places to write in , you just have to use your imagination as to how to word and to position things on each page..too much like scrapbooking for me , i wanted a book with blank lines and spots to write in..for example one blank page will say , " all about mom " then another that says " baby shower " etc..but the pages are blank . i need more structure 
health pos 443.txt great price , free shipping....basically...i love it ! ! i placed my order on sunday and got it 8:00 a.m. tuesday morning...i highly recommend this seller...i will definitely continue to buy from this seller myself. . 
books neg 653.txt i am sorry to say that i thoroughly disliked " of human bondage . " i know it is on every must read list for fiction ( which is why i decided to read it ) however , i just wonder how such a boring story can continually be relegated to such a hallowed position in literature ? not only did i find it dull but i was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with the main character 's perception of women ! i 'm not a feminist in the least but most of the female characters were described in such pathetic ways . " yellow teethed " " sallow skin " " dirty hands " " tear stained over powdered face " , it goes on and on . i wondered if the author was uncomfortable women ? i looked online for some information about maugham . to my surprise i found out that maugham was bisexual . he did marry and have a child but for most of his life it sounded like he was involved with men . in no way can i say this substantiates or confirms the tone of the book - - but in some way it answered my question or concern . instead of this book i 'd recommend the following classics : beautiful and damned by f . scott fitzgerald , madame bovary by flaubert . at least in these books , maybe the female characters are not the most virtuous but the characters are written with such sensuality that even though they might not be described as gorgeous they are brought to life in the pages by the author with a kaleidoscope of words that makes them multidimensional - - good or bad . 
camera neg 80.txt i bought this camera on the recommendation of a store technician over another hp digital . the camera has spent as much time in the repair shop as it has being used . the delay between pictures is incredibly long . the lens / shutter does n't open properly . ( two other family members who own powershot a520 's are having the same problems 
camera pos 338.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps to keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
software pos 213.txt this program is positively wonderful for word practice and pronunciation with a number of flash-card style game and a very elegant listen-record-replay interface . while the two characters do pronounce words slightly differently , hearing those variations really helps to understand the phonetics in a way that a single voice would lack . however , this really is more of a companion tool for a more traditional course . i purchased this with " colloquial icelandic " and would definitely recommend purchasing them together . there are some extremely strange spelling / pronunciation variations and without having a written explanation of these things , you may be left staring in great confusion as the characters read phrases on screen - - " hva " is pronounced " kwah ? " what ? having " colluquial icelandic " to turn to for explanation helped a great deal . that package has two audio cds of alphabet , number , vocabulary and conversation exercises with a very well-written 370 page coursebook . i gave this product a 5-star rating as it is superb for its intended purpose , but it does not stand alone as a complete course 
software pos 529.txt this product is simple to use and does a good job converting my home vhs tapes onto dvd . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because i wish it supplied the connection cables with the product . other than that , i have no gripes . worth the money in order to preserve your precious home videos 
health neg 822.txt compre 2 frascos de centrum silver 220 capsula y lo que yo pedi tiene un encabezado donde describe que tiene lincope en la parte de arriba a la izquierda . el frasco que me enviaron no es el mismo que yo compre . rafael a garcia 
software pos 216.txt this is a great productbecause once you install ityou need not use the cd agai 
health pos 350.txt great compact design . takes up very little room in your suitcase . rollers heat up & are ready to use in about 2-3 minutes like the product claims . sets hair better then most rollers ( and i have tried many ) . the only thing that i would change , is to add 2-4 more rollers . but i liked these rollers so much , i actually bought a 2nd set & use these at home over the 5 other sets of rollers i own ! 
dvd neg 600.txt $23 for the chinese version and the english subtitles are mad . the english subtitles available on american cable television enhance the drama so tape off of cable . i do n't regret this purchase because i think drama sets should be $25 tops and the camera is so clear on this dvd compared to what is seen on american cable that you can really see how old the teenagers are . it made for a more enjoyable viewing experience for me when i did n't really care for it when it was mistier and flawless on cable . so what if there are a lot of matching fat scarves and sweaters in this series ? i do n't get the appeal of this show at all . i thought it was really slow . my favorite part was a barfing drunk girl in the background of one scene but otherwise i felt my hair turning white watching the characters walk and walk , breath in , breathe out , and ponder ponder . i think the phenomenon of the show 's popularity is a tidge more interesting than the show but it is still boring boring boring . just thinking about this show , strips another layer of elasticity from my heart . it 's so boring . p.s. this drama got a 20% rating domestically but sam soon and jang geum scored 50%. hahaha 
books neg 551.txt it was difficult to stay " tuned-in " to this book . a few good ideas , but nothing new or different . it is not a book that i would recommend , however , i might try to listen again - - just to see if i missed the point . i certainly would not give this book as a gift 
music pos 645.txt very rich in music , fully orchestrated and full of energy . i highly recommend this album for everyone who loves new age music and to all those who like classical music . david took it to another level on this one . i myself like new age artists that incorporate orchestra to their music and that is why i loved this album . if you like this album , i recommend you to explore yanni , secret garden , giovanni and bernward koch 
books pos 385.txt this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n't read " caught stealing " and " six bad things " , head to borders now so you can read them before " a dangerous man " . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its ' finest 
health neg 424.txt worst product on the market ! a huge disappointment . i was very careful to use as directed . the result ? one big mess ! the lens were smeared and foggy with bubbles in them and i had no choice but to throw them away 
music pos 745.txt excellent songwriting , guitar playing and overdubbing . another live album following his first with previously recorded songs not on frampton comes alive would have been just as successful as comes alive . days dawning , crying clown , fanfare are a few such songs . a few songs from wind of change , something 's happening , and even a couple from his early days with the herd would have contributed to a second successful live album rather than the i 'm in you album which was a terrible disappointment 
music pos 66.txt the sundays come out with a cd once a decade , thus putting me in constant cravings for new material . though camera obscura is very original and very much their own band , they satisfy the cravings that only harriet wheeler could touch . truly vast and intimate at the same time , and a voice that speaks to something very deep , sad and lovely inside you 
music pos 218.txt i love this album , the best of phil collins . i believe every great artist always delivers their best stuff when they are in a rut . i know he wrote some of the songs on this album bases on his bad times / suffering with his ex wife . he did not realize how much pain she was in and the mood and moment is captured very well . he is a great composer . too bad most of his new songs...2006 , times are different and so is his life , i do not enjoy them as much . once an artist becomes more self-actualized much of their best work becomes just that a memory . 
health neg 80.txt purchased this machine for my wife ( born 1949 ) who has high blood pressure ( 150+ / 90+ untreated ) and type-ii diabetes . had high hopes as this was not a drug-related therapy . but was vastly disappointed by lack of positive results . yes , she enjoyed using it . but her blood pressure was not improved . here is my analysis for your consideration . if your high plood pressure is caused by stress and the cares of life , resperate may work for you . but there is no mechanism by which it can address or cure arteriosclerosis . so , carefully analyze the cause of your high blood pressure before buying 
dvd pos 628.txt the essence of painter francis bacon is not a personal life lived on the sordid side but how he was forced to take in life . seen through his central nervous system and eyes , we experience his world of fragments , like collage pieces of existence . the only place he could make those fragments whole was in a painting . otherwise , he was wholly inable to put a fully realized human being , himself , together . tellingly , one of his best friends comments that he has done a superb one-on-one job with his lover george in his paintings of george . however , he has been unable to do that in his actual life lived with george ! that sums up bacon , his art and his life , in a nutshell . bacon is not a person you will like but you will understand him and how the fragments of his existence made for great art . yet he is also the most alone person imaginable , something no amount of lovers and sordid excess could allay . one of the very best films about an artist ever made . you do n't need to see the actual finished paintings since it is the fragments he used to build his paintings in his head that matter here . if you want to see his paintings , you should be able to find page after page of them online in about a minute , or less , using any visual search engine 
books neg 363.txt turn of the century continues to serve a most useful purpose , months after i gave up on it . i have a door that rattles if it 's not wedged open and t-o-c is just big enough and heavy enough to do the job on its own . i struggled , oh how i struggled to try and even begin to understand some of the characters . i stirred the pages wildly while i waited for the plot to thicken . i fought against closing eyelids while the book became heavier and heavier . i searched my abridged guide to good grammar to see if i had missed a couple of chapters explaining that sentences after all do n't need a subject , a verb and an object - or even a permutation of two out of three . i left it on the front doorstep hoping somebody would steal it . i offered it to my neighbor so he could jack up his car . i considered lighting the fire with it . i wondered whether , if i took just a few pages a day , i could eat it and get rid of the evidence . i offered it to my mother-in-law for christmas . i took it scuba diving with me instead of a weight belt . and then , eventually , voila ! the rattling door ! what a fine tome t-o-c is . another few hundred pages [...] and i could have used it as a sea anchor for the titanic 
books pos 40.txt this cookbook is the best in my collection - and i have a lot ! ! the instructions are clear and the pictures are great 
camera neg 781.txt i bought this camera based on an older 3mp version a friend of mine has that i liked . the older model is far superior . this camera is slow to focus , slow to shoot , and slow to save . i took 5 pictures in a row of the same thing in the same lighting condition ( indoor , medium light ) on the automatic setting , all 5 pictures turned out different , only one turned out clear . i returned it the next day and bought a cannon that i am very happy with 
software pos 624.txt excellent software to manage your large backup hard drives . you can format , partition , split , merge and a whole lot of other things . if you purchase a large backup hard drive i recommend this software and the acronis true image software . with both , you can partition your drive and have a ghost copy of your c: \ drive in one partition and daily backups of my documents in another . this way in case of a hd crash you have a bootable backup . ( note that the software that comes with backup hard drives will not make a bootable backup of your hard drive . ) thats why i recommend both acronis software packages 
music neg 542.txt you 'll find better works out there , particularly if you 're a miles fan . the emphasis here is on milt jackson and his vibraphone , which gives the album a light , airy feeling . missing is much of miles ' horn and sentiment . you also get a bit shortchanged with a mere 30 minutes of music . i would call this a & quot ; pleasant&quot ; album , which in my jazz-world is not a happy thing 
music pos 279.txt i think this my first ep purchase ever - and i generally feel that , despite the quality many offer , eps just are not worth it . sam beam was clearly on a mission to change my mind , as these apparent " outtakes " from the creek drank the cradle are every bit as good as that miracle debut - if not better . i only very recently discovered iron and wine through our endless numbered days , and have since been backtracking only to see that this remarkably talented artist can do no wrong . the standout track to me is the night descending , it has the feel of a track pulled right out of the past . the other four tracks are just as excellent though , and i think sam 's managed to make an avid fan out of me . damn.. . and just when i thought there were no new artists to be excited about ! 
health pos 636.txt i got mine for free on sale at least 6 months ago and it 's great . i know i should probably replace the head by now , but it still seems to work fine , so i don't . i 've only changed the battery once . if you want a cheap brush that gets the job done easier than the old fashioned type , this is it . then again , if you 're not lazy or weak , you can probably do just as good a job with a regular toothbrush and not waste batteries 
software neg 68.txt the title of this product is a joke . it should be called " not easy cd burning " . roxio version 5 was much easier than this one is . it is way too complicated for burning simple cds 
dvd neg 952.txt once again , koch , for reasons that i cannot possibly fathom , assumed that people would enjoy this movie more if the brilliant story and dialog were n't being constantly interrupted by those annoying sex scenes . i know i 'm feeling large amounts of gratitude . it 's gratitude when you want to disembowel someone , right ? at least the copy i bought was used , so koch did n't make a dime off of me . anyway , this is another koch release that you should definitely avoid 
software neg 185.txt the title of this product is a joke . it should be called " not easy cd burning " . roxio version 5 was much easier than this one is . it is way too complicated for burning simple cds 
books pos 874.txt whenever my eczema flared up , my friends would tell me i 'm too stressed out . i did n't feel that way , not much more stressed out than usual , so the timing of the flare ups and the stress level at that time was sometimes confusing . after reading this book , however , i recognized it 's much more than just the simple stress - more deeply rooted issues i 've apparently held for a long time . i had vaguely suspected this may be the case , but did n't know how / where to start . this book gave me the guidance to do that on my own . i agree with 3 other reviewers completely . i no longer feel helpless and scared when i can feel my skin starting to flare up . i am not yet free from eczema , but knowing what may be the underlying cause of it , and how to calm it down , i have much stronger sense of being in control of my skin , body and my life 
books neg 887.txt having so much enjoyed the first two volumnes in this series , i was not prepared for this turgid list of self improvement . yes clive is well read , english and italian , yes he does know the difference between a donatello and a michelangelo , but do we need to know every book he read in the two years , every painting he saw and how it moved him . the simple answer is no . unfortunately it takes 250 pages to find out . the story of how a drunken extemely funny youth becomes a sober mildly funny old pseud 
dvd neg 985.txt i 'm not a fan of stephen king film adaptations . the only one i like is carrie bec it was directed by brian depalma and featured terrific performances by sissy spacek and piper laurie . cujo is boring and not all that suspenseful . i could n't wait for it to end . not worth purchasing . okay as a rental 
camera pos 220.txt i bought this flash to use on my canon rebel xt . the first thing i noticed was that without even reading the instructions i was able to get much better results on pictures taken indoors . being able to bounce the flash off the white ceilings provided much better color contrasts to the built in flash . even when i set my camera to shoot quick pictures in succession the flash did not let me down . it did not need anytime to recharge at all . i recently just came back from vacation and took a lot of outdoor evening shots . most of the pictures came back with great results . the only dissappointment i have is that when taking shots from further distance than i normally would , the pictures came back darker than i would 've liked . so , to compensate for this i adjusted the flash exposure on my camera and although it was an improvement it was a hassle taking several test shots before getting it right . another problem i have with the flash is the battery cover . it 's flimsy and i find it awkward to open and close at times . i always feel like i 'm gonna snap it off by accident . overall i am happy . it 's a good flash for the price you pay . the battery life is good . i still have n't even had to recharge the batteries and i 've almost taken 200 shots with it . my low light picture have improved dramatically by investing in an external flash . anyone with a decent camera should never use the built in flash . the difference is night and day 
books neg 354.txt this is a great book for someone who is getting a new cat or has a cat but does n't understand him / her . i was expecting some new information about a " secret language " . there was no mention of the latest research in feline behavior and the author describes training a cat like training a dog ; so what 's the " secret " ? i agreed with almost everything in the book except the comment about cat owners who leave on a trip . the author says that cats do not get lonely . well , that 's wrong . he also says that a cat will go to the home where the best food is served . how does one explain cats who live with homeless street people ? the title was deceiving 
camera neg 158.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
books neg 697.txt this book contains reproducible mini-books , bingo cards , flash cards , some word search puzzles and fill-in activities . in my opinion , the fill-ins are a bit too challenging . i even had trouble with them . the only thing in this book really " worth it " that i could n't make as well myself , are the mini-books . the mini-books each contain several different sight words , so they seem to me to be more effective for review of words the student has already learned than in the initial learning of them 
books neg 739.txt we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book 
dvd pos 949.txt what is it with the british film scene and its distinctly gritty style . it seems that if we 're not producing trashy ealing comedies , it 's a shocking reality drama with the likes of ray winstone in it ? well ray winstone is n't in this one , but he could well be as the rat catcher is another one of those ' you either enjoy challenging films or you don't ' pieces . i personally love them , i guess i must be a miserable bugger ! of course this film investigates the reality of the underclass , dysfunctional life lived in a rough and grimey housing estate . but it is unique ( well probably not unique ) in that it is told pretty much entirely from the view of the 12 year old boy , played by william eadie , who is struggling to make some sense of what is going on around him . we learn that no matter what environment children grow up in , they always seem to hold true and remain untainted somehow . without wishing to give too much away , it is the final brief scene of this film which has stayed in my mind ever since i watched it in 2000. worth the wait if you like being deeply moved by simple things 
software pos 119.txt i run the after school program at the local jr high where i work . we try to push the importance of computer skills on the children . i just upgraded to the 800 , 000 clip art library . we use these images for just about every project . i have never wanted a certain type of image and not been able to find it ! ! ! 
software neg 339.txt what a bunch of money grabbing idiots ! if you are considering buying quickbooks , do n't ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i have never had such a horrible experience with a product . they take features away , especially with payroll , if you do not buy their products . then when you call to ask what is going on , they tell you that you have not purchased their support program and that they cannot help you ! ! i hate quick books . their is nothing quick about it and the so called support staff are a bunch of liars ! ! 
health neg 549.txt i really like my electric toothbrush from oralb so i thought i would like this too . however , it just does n't work . the cartridges they have set up do n't work because as soon as you tug on them at all , the floss becomes loose and therefore wo n't vibrate - it only vibrates if it 's taut . but because of the way they have the cartridges set up , there is no way to make it taut again . it would have worked if instead they had used a roll of floss and let you feed it through yourself as needed , but they were too greedy and wanted to sell lots of cartridges . this would be ok if you got lots of use out of the cartridges , but in my experience they broke halfway through a single use . so.. . forget it 
books neg 831.txt this book is poor . it ' s not & quot ; philosophical&quot ; in any sense because it 's not logical and it 's not supported by the majority of music scholars today . reimer contradicts himself at every turn ; he does n't understand what langer is really saying ; and . his absolutist notion of music is completely out of synch with what most scholars argue about music today . reimer just mouths a lot of fluffy , feel-good nonsense 
books pos 389.txt i loved the core knowledge curriculum . the reason i switched my children to a charter school is that they started out teaching ck . i also switched them back to the public school when the principal got away from ck and made it just like a public school . i agree that a teacher should supplement what is in the ck books to give their students a better understanding of the material . teaching the information exactly how it is presented in the books would be very dry . however ck is a great outline of what should be taught . it covers a tremendous amount of knowledge including the fight for civil rights , all religious ideology , multicultural literature and more . if there is a problem with the books , it is that many children would not be motivated to learn the wide variety of topics covered . for many it would be too much . also weak teachers would be overwhelmed trying to cover everything . hence , anyone claiming that ck supports a racist philosophy has never read the books . also i want to point out that the reviewer who called the books racist misspelled the word . it is not spelled rasist . i also find it disturbing that the reviewer is supposedly a teacher . when attending school , maybe that teacher would have benefited from a core knowledge foundation . 
software pos 499.txt this is what you need if you want a suite of protection for you pc . i 've used mcafee . it drove me nuts . i 've used norton . also drove me nuts . zonealarm worked nearly flawlessly ( as well as windows can . ) it is a very stable and intuitive program that is what i have been looking for . all i can is that you should buy this and get rid of whatever you 're using now , especially if it 's mcafee or norton . just a sidenote : i run avg free antivirus alongside this and i also ran it alongside norton and mcafee . avg would catch things that neither norton nor mcafee would . never have had that problem with zonealarm 
camera neg 376.txt this battery only gives me about an hour of playing time on my philips pet724 7 " portable dvd / divx player . after that it claims to have 75% charge left but ca n't even get the player to turn on and does n't charge it if it 's turned off 
dvd pos 546.txt this movie is truly wonderfully done . i appreciate the lightheartedness of the characters , and the deep resonances of director zhang yimou 's commentary on academics in modern rural china . the language is particularly good for students learning mandarin chinese , as it shows an excellent example of the differences between spoken chinese in the countryside and in the cities . there are english subtitles for beginners as well . i highly recommend it . 
software pos 752.txt office 2007 was a very nice improvement over previous versions . the program was stable , for me at least , and the new interface was very nice . it may take a few minutes to find where some commands have been moved to but the result was a much cleaner interface . one thing that keeps in mind is that it uses a different file format from previous versions by default . there is the option of changing the format to the previous version but the default option is n't compatible with earlier programs 
books neg 991.txt if excelsior college did n't require this for the cpne , i would take it and throw it off the highest bridge i could find . horribly confusing , does n't make sense , and i cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice . the only redeeming feature is that excelsior does not let you write in this , so i will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student . i do n't mean to sound harsh , but this book is n't easy to use , it is confusing , and contradicts itself 
camera pos 373.txt i upgraded from the canon digital rebel ( grey body ) to this because i was ready to take my photography to a new level . one thing i like most about this camera is it 's flash compenstation . i purchased the 430ex flash with it because i was tired of having to use the built in flash and always getting those hard shadows on the wall 
software pos 242.txt i 'm planning a trip to europe ( of course ) and it help a lot with millage and since i plan on using my gps from my streets and trip then i figure that everything is gonna be a o 
dvd pos 111.txt when dvds came out i thought that cds were gone . i thought all bands would start making videos out of all their songs and selling dvds instead of cds . that 's what happened with records . cds came out and no one released vinyl anymore . i am so glad that the sun was the first band to do this . every song on this disk is golden . there ai n't a bad song in the bunch . i heard about this disk on npr radio . it seems that it was taking warner bros . so long to release the cd that the band made homemade videos for all their songs . the record company heard about this , watched the videos and said , that 's cool , here is some more money , go and make the videos professionally and we will release it as a dvd , like it was a new idea or something . i talked with my buddies and most of them also thought this should have been done a long time ago . another thing that is way cool is the audio tracks . all the songs are on the disk in .wav form too so that you can put it in your computer and tell windows media player or whatever you use to put it on a regular cd and play it in your car or convert them into mp3s . there is even a sticker on the shrink wrap encouraging you to convert the .wav files . i could go on and on about how much i love this disk . i played it for my wife , kids , coworkers and they all loved it . like other reviewers said , the sun is a new classic . keep it up boys . 
camera pos 333.txt i purchased this camera a year ago ( summer 05 ) . definitely a great upgrade over the original rebel , although the new xti has a larger screen which is the one aspect of this camera that is not perfect . there are other sites that will perform more comprehensive reviews of this camera , but after a year mine is still working perfectly 
dvd pos 282.txt the direction was a grade acting top class and to top it you had eric and clint eastwood .eric fleming was mindblowing .one has yet to come across an actor with his confidence class and authority .yes i agree we always tend to focus on clint forgetting that it was eric who was mile ahead of him.todays generation has to watch these episodes in black and white to understand the beauty of this great western.yes the fact is without rawhide there would be no clint eastwood 
software neg 778.txt after spending over an hour waiting on their help line and trying all of their non-functioning suggestions , i was still unable to install this on either of my pcs . they do n't want to admit it , but their ad for deduction pro kills the software install at 21% ( or 26% for the standard version ) . and no , their " font patch " , killing all startup services , upgrading the flash player , nor starting in safe mode did not resolve the problem . i 'm out the money on this and am switching to turbotax . h&r block has lost this customer . 
software neg 259.txt i 'm holding on the phone right now trying to get support for this product . there is no 800 number for tech-support , so it 's a long distance call . i have had the same issue for over a month and still have not been transferred to a tech support person . they offer only email support , but do n't write back . if you call them on the phone they tell you a support person will call you , but it never happens 
camera pos 214.txt now , this is n't the fastest card on the market . but it is a solid , reliable card . the camera itself is the bottle kneck , and typically not this card . however , if you are using a canon dslr of a recent flavor , i would check if it needs to be rma'd . a known quantity of these cards have proven to lose images . scary . however , i 've not experienced the mysterious loss of images with my card or rebel xt . i 've only ever pushed the cards speed limits with my pd70x , and definately not with my rebel xt 
books pos 241.txt i , too , have an ma in american history , and i was never given reason to think about each of two questions raised by this important book . firstly and fundamentally , what was the timetable by which the british military were expected to leave the former colonies , and , second , what " property " could they take with them , especially as " property " had a very particular meaning here in the new nation ? was the revolution in large part fought to maintain slavery ? that surely bears on the problematic nature of our constitution . the wonderfully gifted writer and historian ( would that they were always the same thing ! ) poses these vital questions . and we are fortunate that the near simultaneous publication of david b . davis ' inhuman bondage complements this fine effort . so , as one reviewer suggests , it is in some ways an overwritten period , but schama and davis add something new and exciting to the dialogue . my thanks 
health neg 252.txt i was just given this set - new - and was impressed by the reviews . i 'm not sure if it 's just my hair , but these do little more than a roller hair brush and dryer . i figured i needed to work out the kinks and give it another try . again same look and that 's all the curl i have after 20 minutes . concept is good - just does n't work on my fine , full head of hair . if you want curl stick to the hot rollers . 
music pos 586.txt if you like beatles , monkees and the who , then you will like the group that is better than all of them ; the rascals ! " lonely too long " is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 60 's elbow...it hurts...then theres all this other good sh*** here...and i do n't mean groovin ! the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at ! ...i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges...and i realised that above all...i liked my rascals record the most back in 1987 up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode ! also known at times as ' the young rascals ' but to me...this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on........its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation , you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them ; five stars...buy this thing 
camera neg 39.txt amazon 's aggressive marketing tacticts now include shipping you goods when you called them to cancel it . i will never buy from amazon again . i bought over 100 items over 5 years . i purchased the camera on a 1 day delivery plan . they then just ship 4-5 day completely insensitive to a photographer 's needs . i cancelled order 2 days before it ships , they say sorry we cannot cancel . 2 days ? ? ? come-on . i guess the $3000 just creates nice interest . the end for me and amazon , i do not like this kind of " aggressive marketing " . good advice , rather buy direct from b&h photo , pay double if you like , but you will get what you pay for there , not aggressive marketing and shoving of a product down your throat at their terms . i am truly annoyed . run , hide . 
music neg 407.txt just like in my other review i ca n't figure out the madness over these guys . i will ask in this post as well for somebody to actually explain to me why they should be heard and are relevant in a creative way . honestly people you ca n't call these guys artists . an artist creates something from a idea or two these guys take those ideas and just lump them together . it 's as simple as that . and to top it of they do n't have the chops as musicians to be relevant in that form either . a comment like " they rock " or " the lead singer is soooo hot " are n't examples of a great artist or band . from the dates of the last post my words might be in vain , kind of like the validity of this record . because there has n't been a post on here for two years . if a fan of banking benjamins does stumble upon this post i invite you to check out my other reviews , and checkout some relevant and great music 
dvd neg 775.txt as some of the other reviewers have mentioned , this us release has replaced the original source music . but the region 2 version has been released without these cuts , so for everyone with a multiregion player , i 'd suggest using amazon.co.uk to buy a copy there instead 
health neg 69.txt why are you paying such good money for a no-calorie water ? ! how many calories does water have to begin with ? ! it would be interesting to see what the placebo was that they used in the double blind trial ( ? a cheeseburger ? ) . please do not buy this . fill a bottle up at home and squeeze a bit of lemon juice in if you have to... . no calories ! give the money that you would have spend to charity . the makers of this water are thieves and con artists 
health neg 968.txt i bought this from qvc . it will do the trick for quick touch-ups - not close hair removal , but close enough . unfortunately , mine is barley operating anymore , even with a fresh battery . i 'm not sure why the motor seems to be dying . maybe the life of the trimmer is not that long . as a result , i think it would be better to buy a cheaper one since it should work just as well 
camera pos 140.txt this is n't a full review but some thoughts i 've had after using it for a long time . stabilization - the fact is that if this is the camera you take everywhere with you , you are going to either lose shots or have to use the flash . if flash does n't bother you , no sweat . but i 've never like the look of it . ease-of-use - great . voice memo - i use this feature all the time . it would be nice if it had a pause button because without it i end up with many small files . ex - this is where you set the exposure . casio does a great job putting everything in one place . the only thing they should have done better is that if you have changed a selection ( e.g. iso 200 to 400 ) and hit the shutter release it should take the shot . instead nothing happens . you have to click set first . it 's an extra step that you have to make during a critical time 
camera pos 176.txt this filter is a must have for photographers that care about their gear . it remains a cost effective tool for protecting the camera lens while serving as a great every day filter . 
dvd pos 690.txt its amazing how strongly images and music can impact the senses without any spoken word . this is a great film to throw on , relax , and absorb . 
dvd pos 338.txt i am a huge u2 fan and this is the best concert i have ever seen . this concert is simply unbeliveable . it proves to all those stupid people that the belief that u2 were only good in the 80s and 90s is a load of garbage . u2 's still got it . this concert proves it . if you do n't think u2 's good anymore , go watch this concert . all that you ca n't leave behind is a good album . maybe not as good as joshua tree and achtung baby but it is still good . how to dismantle an atomic bomb left a little to be desired . and for the stupid guy at the beginning of these reviews ( i think it was the first one ) what do you mean bono was supporting homosexuality ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? when he kissed edge , it was representing the betrayal of jesus christ . look up the lyrics to the song that they were singing , " until the end of the world . " " i took the money.. . i kissed your lips ( face in the concert ) and broke your heart . " bono represents judas iscariot in the song . also , if you still do n't believe me and think this is some love song or something , watch any u2 concert with this song - almost all of them show bono doing a little devil-horn thing , usually after kissing edge ( christ ) the only thing i agree with in that guy 's review is that edge really is the spirit of the band , not bono . i love the delay that edge uses in his guitar . and i hate how when people think of u2 they think of bono . bono 's fine but i love how edge plays . anyway , go read his review if you want to find out more . just do n't listen to that homosexuality crap . anyway , this concert is awesome and i could just watch it over and over again . in fact , i 'm actually watching it tonight ! great show - makes you feel like you 're actually there . u2 is a wonderful band with good christian messages in their songs and i ca n't wait for their next album and concert to come out 
music pos 306.txt with a compelling story , great music , great lyrics , and two outstanding female leads , aida certainly delievers . right from the start with the goregous " every story is a love story " , the listener is captured by the wonderful spirit of the show . the seamless tranisition between ballads and showtunes is flawless . the three stars of the show each being something different to this recording . while adam pascal is always great , he 's the weak point on this recording . i much more prefer him in rent , and i do n't think his voice suits this show very well . sherie renee scott is teriffic as amneris , and her powerful voice fills this recording with the powerful opener and " i know the truth " . the star , however , is heather headley as aida . her tony-winning performance will be forever immortalized on this recording with big , raw , emotional , and powerful voice . she 's is perfect in every way 
camera neg 826.txt this is a poor excuse for a lens coming from canon . can only be used at a certain zoom or you will get a circular ring around the photo . please do not waste your money like i did 
health pos 797.txt this is the best bargain for your money.pampers swaddlers are better than pampers . even better than costco brand . worth every penny 
health neg 788.txt i used relacore for one week.....it did n't work the only thing it helped with was sleeping . the bottle says take one with each meal and i did by 3pm daily i was fighting to keep my eyes open . if you need help sleeping this is one too take . also i put on 3 pounds 
software neg 708.txt this software is a waste of money to say the least . the templates on this software are terrible and ugly . you are lucky if you have five good templates to choose from . if you are looking for something quick and easy to use this is not it.you have to format everything . please do n't make the same mistake i made . do not buy this product 
music neg 58.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
health pos 899.txt i bought from the 3 types of olay total effect , and i did try them after reading the instruction , there is no magical effect apeard after 1 month but there is diffrence , the company was very good in logistic maters 
music neg 206.txt anyone who rates this more than one star has mental deficiencies . seriously 
health neg 447.txt however , after using for 10 minutes it automatically shuts off and would not come back on . straightened and dried my hair beautiful but spend the extra money at sephora because everyone is getting bad irons from amazon . it is really sad that no one can get one that is worth what you pay . so if you have had good luck with one so far , be glad because i paid for the 2 day shipping could n't wait , and have great disappointment because now i have to return it ! 
health pos 168.txt for two years i suffered with four herniated discs . physical therapy , a spinal injection , chiropractic adjustments , and many sessions on a spinal decompression machine provided short term relief . i started using the mckenzie method extension exercises , and this offered the most relief . fortunately , i finally discovered the lumbar extender in an internet ad . i noticed that it placed the spine in a similar position as the mckenzie exercises . so , i decided to order the lumbar extender to determine if it would provide better relief than all the other methods i was using . the first two weeks that i used the lumbar extender , i had some minor discomfort . now after five weeks using the lumbar extender , i can honestly say that my back has not felt better in two years . this device does all that it says it will do . i actually enjoy lying on it for two seven-minute sessions each day-one session in the morning and one session at night . when i first used the device , i heard snapping noises in my lower back , probably the spinal facets being repositioned , and then i would experience immediate relief . now i feel as if i have better posture and better curvature to my lumbar region . the cost of the lumbar extender is low compared to a visit to a doctor , and it is worth trying . i highly recommend it 
dvd pos 658.txt this is the 2000 or so version of the dvd . this is identical with the vhs version , except it adds two features . the first is an excellent " making of " video from 1996 - - which was re-done with a different host for 2006 , but all the " interview " segments are the same . the second was a " making of " video done for the dvd , which does n't add a whole lot . were i to do it again , i 'd buy this version , and skip the 2006 " 50th anniversary " release . this is the classic chuck jones television " grinch " , in one of the best packages for it . and the " horton hears a who " is also a chuck jones classic . " a person 's a person , no matter how small . " 
music neg 79.txt i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd 
books neg 223.txt this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the " intelligent conversation " which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered " well read . " despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from " to kill a mockingbird . " 
music pos 343.txt even though gary allen is a country singer , he rocks as an artist ! he has a vein of rock mixed in with his deep country voice . this man 's voice is so smooth , he could melt butter along with any woman 's heart . guys will like him too , but he 's a crooner , his ballads touch women ( sigh ! ) and make men want to emulate him . i enjoyed every song on this cd , but my personal favorites are : tough little boys , and songs about rain , both beg to be sang along with 
camera neg 698.txt i like this camera . some settings take it beyond the standard point and shoot experience . for a first-timer , it has been great . the camera rates 4 stars . customer service , on the other hand , has been a disaster . an easy share software downloaded update did n't load properly and led me on a trail of three customer service reps over the course of 4 1 / 2 hours with no resolution . after requesting to speak to a customer service manager , i was promised that a $7.95 cd of the software would be sent for free ( though it was clear he was doing me a favor because " these cd 's cost money and do n't grow on trees , " he said . whether or not the cd solves the problem remains to be seen . but customer service is awful . to recap : nice camera , but unless you have endless customer service patience , search out other options 
health pos 541.txt the satin finish and the design are very attractive . i had to pump each chamber about 100 times to get it primed but after that it worked great . you might want to prime it with water instead of shampoo to get things going . the directions , which i lost , said something about priming . installation was easy . it includes both glue or 4 short adhesive strips . i went with the adhesive strips and it seems secure . i figured if i ever have to remove it , i could just pull it off and use goof off to remove the adhesive . if you fill one of the chambers with body soap , i recommend neutrogena rainbath refreshing shower and bath gel , original formula and a natural sponge . i bought a synthetic sponge that looks like a natural one at wal-mart and it 's a little rough 
software neg 807.txt bought system mechanic 6 pro online , it repairs but reports problems but you cannot get information at all . none of the modules report what is being done . if you need assistance forget it , all you get from iolo is go see the faq 's , i do n't think humans work there just a computer that generates emails . stay away from this company ! ! 
music pos 185.txt ( in reference to another review ) - the symbol on the cover of still is the factory records logo , joy division 's record label . since i 'm in the area... . i 've owned this album for about 15 years and it still sounds , in parts , as solid as anything joy division ever did . some of the live stuff is so-so but studio tracks like the kill , dead souls , exercise one , they walked in line and something must break are damn near worth the price of admission alone . if you already like joy division , thereby showing good taste , this is a great album . if you find yourself slowly descending beneath the black cloud of depression , unknown pleasures should fit . if you have been there and find yourself wanting out , closer is the soundtrack . this album is more varied in mood , for established fans and safer for household pets 
software neg 660.txt this upgrade is a disaster . first of all , in word , the view markups function is the default now , so you have to go through and change all the settings to hide markups ( most people in my department do not want to see those distracting colors and balloons and do not need to edit the doc in any way ) . however , if you want to send a document that does not have the tracked changes embedded - - because you do n't know which version of word the recipient has , and you ca n't take the chance of them seeing all those comments - - you have to go through the document again , view markups , reject the comments , accept changes , and resave . it 's kind of difficult to explain , and frustrating too . people think that if they ca n't see it , then the recipient wo n't be able to see it either . this is a good explanation from a microsoft help forum : *not displaying* tracked changes is n't the same as *not having* tracked changes . even when using word 2002 , the changes were still in the documents , and anyone could see them just by turning on the display . all that has happened in 2003 is that the display is automatic . the way to have documents in which changes are not displayable is to remove the changes from the documents entirely - - and to do that you must *accept or reject* all the changes . nothing you do with the view will be sufficient . if you need to retain a record of the changes , you 'll have to maintain two sets of documents : one with the changes , which *never* leave your office , and another that has been " scrubbed " and can be sent out . still , it 's a big problem and more unnecessary work than 2002 's version . also , outlook 's new default view is quite different than before . the panes are set differently , so you have to go to view / reading panes to change the positions . and then you have to ungroup items ( the breaks in between the weeks are very annoying...most people do n't like that , although i guess some people think it looks more organized ) . oh , microsoft - ca n't live with it , ca n't live without it . almost forgot...the buttons / icons are prettier in this version , and we all know that that makes a huge difference . yessss ! pretty buttons ! i can die happy now . 
software pos 389.txt this is my first review but i just felt compelled to tell everyone about this terrific program . i bought this game when my children were in kindergarten and second grade . fritz and chester 's program is so engaging . there are rhymes and chants for each piece 's moves as well as for some other " strategy-type " moves . for example , " a knight on the rim is ugly and dim . " what a great way to teach kids to keep their knights in-play ! this program teaches kids how pieces move and some simple strategies . i would recommend getting fritz and chester 2 now since you are going to get it after your kids learn to play ! my boys both joined chess teams when they were in first and third grade . their use of this computer game gave them the advantage to win several chess games in tournaments . fritz and chester 2 is also great and my boys , now in third and sixth grade , still play it 
music pos 246.txt i bought this cd after i 'd watched the movie the first three times . the music is wonderful . i bought it specifically for the song they sing in the church scene - " i do n't care to stay here long " and i want it played at my own funeral way out there in " someday " . you ca n't hear it without smiling and the words are much easier to understand on the cd than in the movie . but just in case , here 's the first foot-stompin ' verse : fare - - well , vain world ! i 'm going home . my savior smiles and bids me come and i do n't care to stay here long . bright angels beckon me away to sing god 's praise in endless day and i do n't care to stay here long . right up yonder ! christians , away up yon-der . oh , yes my lord , for i do n't care to stay here long 
health neg 6.txt the best thing i can say about the test is it took 13 days to receive my results . the actual results varied greatly from those i received from my doctor 3 months prior : ( ... ) both tests were taken following a 12-hour fast . all instructions were followed . i find it hard to believe my cholesterol levels changed so drastically in 3 months . i contacted biosafe customer service . all representatives were busy on my first call so i left a message , which was not returned . i called again and was able to speak to someone right away . the customer service person was very pleasant and took a lot of time explaining how accurate their tests were and how results from different testing methods ( finger prick vs. blood drawn from arm ) will vary " slightly " . ( ... ) i question the accuracy of the biosafe results . 
music neg 568.txt first they started out as nu-metal , then they moved onto metalcore , and now psuedo-death metal . it should be no surprise to the fools who listen to this garbage that they are clearly following trends , and after each trend dies , they just move on to another one . if my calculations are correct , expect a psuedo-black metal release . but , what about the musicians ? sure , they have a fast drummer...who likes to trigger alot , then they have two guitarists...who like to steal pantera riffs , and then they have the singer , who , well , sounds just like all the rest . atleast they dont have the dj anymore ( oh wait , they do , nevermind . ) enough of my rambling , how does this untalented group of posers fair up ? well , image if mushroomhead went metalcore . ' nuff said . avoid 
books pos 244.txt gaylife on the english countryside is like everywhere , you never know when your bf ( boyfriend ) gets bored with you . the battle with london 's competitive nightlife makes you reguarly ask yourself : & quot ; what have i to offer&quot ; ? the efforts to entertain your bf are as tiresome as the question how organize your own life so it wo n't get dull . and once you got things fixed you yourself run into this willing guy . the tragicomedy the spell tells the story of four men , robin , the ageing architect who enjoys his life together with his younger bf justin , a witty layabout , robin 's son danny , a georgeous body dealing in superficiality and justin 's former lover alex , a well-mannered young man in search for consistency . to find out if they all get what they want is a truly delicious way to spend your time . the story is written out of the perspective of all leading parts and therefore very nicely ballanced . hollinghurst is gifted with a great sense of attentiveness . his characters show many different moods caused by tiny events . every self-assured attitude is merciless exposed . i recognized myself and my friends many times without realizing this ever before . it made me smile and reassured me . i think this is hollinghurst 's most post-modern novel . unlike the swimming-pool library 's sexual odyssee this is a splintered glimps into life and how down to earth it can be 
software neg 629.txt like some of the other reviews , i loved cool edit pro . then adobe got a hold of it and royally screwed it up with 2.0. i use this program often and tried to give it a chance . no way around it , it sucks now . i am going to use sonar , a much better product . the only thing i like about 2.0 is that you can burn to a disc from audition . that is the only reason why i gave it one star . this is not a user friendly program 
camera neg 469.txt i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon . 
health neg 617.txt this is a very cheap memory foam it reminds me of foam rubber.i have sleep on it for 3 nights and will be removing it for the fourth night . do your home work before you buy this product 
music pos 176.txt a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics 
music pos 432.txt what can you say about mfl that has n't already been said . sublime , perfect , classic . this is still the definitive recording of the show , and no one has ever come close to the original cast . sadly , while the movie is wonderful , had warner bros . used andrew 's it might have been one of the greatest film musicals of all time . and while audrey hepburn gamely gives it her all , andrew 's had clearly made eliza doolittle her own , and she would have been uncomparable on film , and raised the level of the entire movie . well , the rest is history , andrews went on to be one of the biggest movie stars of the 60's . still , probably the best example of a play being adapted into a musical . as george bernard shaw said ( when he finally gave in and saw it during it 's london run ) " i do n't know where shaw ends and lerner and lowe begins . 
health neg 408.txt i tried this product because i had been using arthred-g powder which was discontinued . this product did not mix well either when stirred or shaken and the taste is so offensive that i could not finish drinking it . it tasted and smelled rather like soap . if you used arthred-g you know it was easily mixed and did not effect the taste of the beverage . there is no comparison here ! ! ! i would totally avoid this product 
music neg 706.txt sorry to say i 'm not a huge fan of tanghetto even after seening them play live at la viruta last month . few of the tracks are just undanceable and the music gets pretty boring after a while . i say if you want neuvo tango try narcotango or otro aires . 
dvd neg 196.txt me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater . i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull . after about a half hour my friend , who tends to be more " progressive " than i , actually suggested we leave . it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing . ever ! perhaps i 'm biased . however i highly recommend that no one get this movie . the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant . i tend to lean to the right , but even i was entertained by v for vendetta , despite it being blatant liberal propaganda . if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil , at least make it interesting 
software pos 132.txt i wo n't include my website url here , but i 'm a professional photographer , who displays and sells his work at juried exhibitions . i 've been using photoshop since version 5.0 , roughly 6-7 years . frankly , i 'm surprised to see how many negative reviews there are here of photoshop cs2 , and that overall the product only gets three stars . i understand all the frustration , though . even on a top-of-the-line machine , " ps cs2 " can be slow at times . however , in my case , that 's because i 'm working on incredibly large files . for example , my camera / scanner combination typically produces 50 megapixel images . by the time multiple layers are added in ps , one image file can be 500 mb - 1 gb in size . this is exactly why i have a dual-opteron system with 4 gb of ram : so i can work on these monster files in photoshop ! for me , photoshop is a must-have . there are *no* alternative programs for me to consider that can handle my files and do what i want to get done . i do n't even want to mention all the advanced features that i use on a daily basis , frankly because that 's part of my edge as a professional . i 've spent over five years working in ps everyday , and have carefully studied several advanced books on ps . the learning curve is long , but the rewards are great if you have high goals and high standards . yeah , adobe 's got some major improvements to make , along the lines that other reviewers have mentioned . for me , the only real problem is poor and often wasteful use of system memory . and i would agree with other reviewers here that for most people , the full photoshop cs2 is probably a waste of money . photoshop elements is probably a better way to go , though i have n't used it personally . i know a good web designer who uses paint shop pro , and who seems to be happy . imho , some people are probably drawn to photoshop the way others are drawn to autocad or solidworks or 3d studio max . all these programs are incredibly powerful tools that can support an entire career if one puts in the time and effort to become a true expert user . you ca n't make a career out of ps elements , or paint shop pro , or gimp , or whatever else other reviewers may mention . ps cs2 is " the standard " for image manipulation 
music pos 301.txt this is one of my all-time favorite cds . i loved all the songs on this cd except one . my favorite is " black girl pain " and it should be an anthem and inspriration for black women all over the globe . i had the pleasure of seeing talib in concert a few months ago in atlanta and his live show was even better than his cd . true hip-hop lives 
books pos 390.txt polanyi sets forth an incredibly relevant , radical , and all too plausible theory in this book . going beyond a mere analysis of how the market system functions , polanyi endeavors to answer the question as to how the market came about . polanyi 's answer will not be pleasing to libertarians , he argues that a free land and labor market can only come about through government intervention , and must be sustained through further intervention . he also argues that the market ransforms the nature of social relations . usually , economic relations were a result of social relations , under the market , it is the latter . polanyi attempts to show how a market for land and labor came about in britain . his argument that government " enclosures " created it through dislodging the poor and turning their land into sources of economic production is convincing . however , other arguments polanyi advances simply demonstrate a central government repealing the interventions of subaltern governments . polanyi 's argument that there was no " rent-seeking " ( he does n't use that term ) involved in the enactment of state intervion in the economy ( " proving " that this intervention was objectively necessary is suspect . one 19th century investigators conclusions do n't serve to overturn the implications of public choice theory . the greatest problem with this book is that polanyi does n't do too much to back up his arguments . he fortunately has a section called " notes and sources " where he lists his research material , but i 'd wager that most of this is difficult to find 60 years later 
software neg 149.txt junk ! i am a professional photographer and have used 2.0 for years for quick fixes and easy additions , thinking they might have made some improvements to make life easier.. . i was wrong . this program is a step back . i was a refund ! i do n't know who is writing they like this new version , but buyer beware ! laur 
health pos 716.txt if you do n't like getting attention , these are not for you . i 'm often surprised by people 's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off ; i 'm so accustomed to pulling them apart , that i forget how unusual the viewing public finds it . i have been wearing clics for nearly a year . i pretend that i do n't need glasses , but of course i do and have for nearly a decade . popped the standard diopter lenses out , and put in my bifocal prescription . it worked great , despite a warning from my optical shop . ( and even if they had broken from the experiment , the price is right : i could try it again . ) previously i was wearing glasses on a chain . besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer , i also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching . then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break . i call the color of mine " magenta " - which may or may not be the same as the online " red " - i bought them in a shop ( **gasp** ) . my short hair is not a problem , but i agree that reading in bed does n't work . so i use a different pair for those occasions 
health neg 775.txt this product was not as i expected . it is much weaker than ones used in the past . it certainly was not worth the price i paid . i returned this item . 
health pos 138.txt daughter was very pleased when she received it unexpectedly , after her good news ! she 's very picky also...just loved the quality and organizational value of the set ! very nicely packaged . would highly recommend 
camera neg 866.txt my primary camera is a sony hdr-fx1. i bought the gl-2 as a second unit for multiple camera angles at sporting events . the gl-2 is a respectable camera but in my opinion the video image does n't even come close to the sony . the price and rebate offer was the greatest incentive in my purchase of this camera . however , beware of the rebate offer . i sent all the documents in strict compliance with the terms of the rebate only to have it rejected . the rebate facilitator claimed i did not include the upc code . if i had it to do over , i would dig deeper into my wallet and buy a second sony 
software neg 706.txt i brought the software beleiving that it would help me with my scrapbooking . it has very limited graphics and templates to work with . i would not recomend this software package . also the journaling sucks as well . even when you start a product from scratch the software is n't user friendly with very little guidence . as stated before 1 star is to much . 
dvd neg 736.txt ooo ! see halle act . act , halle , act . emote . emote . see halle act drunk . see halle act crying . see halle act nympho . act , halle , act . can someone explain to me how the senior prison guard on death row and a woman whos been visiting her husband there for 11 years never managed to see one another before he ordered chocolate ice cream with a plastic spoon ? but what does it matter , since we get to see halle act ? act , halle , act ! 
software neg 687.txt i excitedly upgraded to office 2007.... '07 outlook is far slower - ties my reasonably powerful machine up in knots ( 110% of resources ) for minutes at a time inexplicably ; spell ck does n't work consistently ; html emails have lost functionality i used to use often with 2003 ver ; excel opens much more slowly ; no real gains in excel fuctionality ; various add-ins essential to my biz no longer work in excel 2007 ; access 2007 was billed as much easier to use - false ; word has a couple of improvements but messes up spell ck with outlook if you keep both word 2003 & 2007 on yr machine ; the highly touted " ribbon " is mainly cosmetic ; i believe 2007 's indexing is at the heart of some of sluggisness which might be ok if it worked..but it retruns strange results....net , net , i am uninstalling office 2007 and going back to 2003 with all its stupid faults....it 's too bad no one at msft actually uses thier products to realize how defective they are . 
health pos 97.txt this is a great product , easy to program and use. . easy to read digital display and very accurate 
software pos 743.txt i had the same problem with works suite 2002 that i had with 2006. the product key that came with the discs would not install microsoft word ; the message " invalid product key " came up . after a computer problem , i reformatted the drive and did a reinstall from the original works 2002 discs . the invalid key message showed up when i tried to install word 2002. after arguing with microsoft people for three weeks i bought the new works suite 2006. after running all the discs to a clean hard drive , everything worked except , again , the invalid key message came up and would n't activate word . highly irritating . i got it going by to microsoft works , programs , clicked word document , got an " activate product " and got word installed and running . this seems to be a dumb glitch in the software 
music neg 719.txt being a fan of jack johnson , i thought this one would be as good as the others . i was n't impressed at all . it sounds like a few guys pickin ' around in the basement . the recording quality has very little production value . at best , these are okay live versions of usually great songs . this is an unnecessary piece for your jack johnson collection . 
music neg 903.txt i heard from a number of people that amon amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , i though i 'd try osftgh . what i hear , and it certainly seems i 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and " it 's your time to die " does not mean you can create " authentic " viking / metal . these idiots could definitely take lessons from : enslaved , manegarm , falkenbach to name a few . do n't fall for the hype ! 
books pos 420.txt i love this book ! i have read a-c so far , and this is my favorite book so far . it has a really strong plot , and a surprising ending . this crime book series is great , and i highly suggest picking this book up , or even starting with a 
camera pos 769.txt the charger really did what it was supposed to do . i have an li-10b , so i was still some what worried that it was n't going to do the job , but it did . i also liked that it was small so you can travel with it anywhere . 
music pos 88.txt ...wandering through the dorms in the 1970 's this was one of those albums that was in everyone 's collection . it was usually very near the front of the record stack . every time i hear that opening guitar riff from reelin ' in the years i glide back to a very nice place in time . if you hope to understand the evolution of us pop / rock music you need to become intimate with this recording ! 
camera pos 409.txt for its size and price , this little light ca n't be beat . very transportable and produces a dramatic influence on the image quality of evening shoots indoors . i think this is a must have for camcorder owners . my vhs family movies shot over 20 years ago are still a source of pure joy , so i see this as a miniscule investment for the long-term return . 
dvd pos 773.txt war exposed some violence simmering within one gulf war veteran . christian bale is electrifying as jim , a tough-minded ex-ranger whose brutal nature did n't subside after his return home to la . they say war changes a man . this might be evident here , but it feels more like the fighting only unleashed the demons inside of jim . along with his buddy mike ( freddy rodriguez ) , the two tear through the town , bingeing on drugs and alcohol . their is no deep plot here , just a couple of ruffians going around town looking for jobs . but it is a great character study , watching jim self-destruct . bale is great in this type of role , like he was in american psycho or the machinist . i liked this movie much more than training day , which this director previously wrote the screenplay for 
books pos 875.txt as a working mom , this was a book i could n't resist . of course , i do n't bear much of a resemblance to the mama in this story , but i think my toddlers ( both boys ) get the picture . the comforting notion seems to resonate with them that after a long day , mama will come home to the sweet bedtime routine . 
dvd pos 199.txt i finally found out this was out on dvd after having the vhs version for many years . the dvd edit is very close to the vhs version minus the glitch during the scorpions opening act , plus some video strobing added during cindy lauper 's run down the runway , which i 'm not sure was really needed , but i 'm ok with it , although the video strobing was done again later , which seems to me as a cheap effect , that really does n't add to the performance . i think brian adams and cindy was excellent for the parts they portraid . i thought originally sinaed ( sp ? whatever ) was a strange choice at the time , maybe good for the part , but after seeing the documentary , i see her being a good intention decision at the time that ended up biting them in the end . she 's too instable , and apparently did not realize the importance of such an event , nor did she show any respect for the part . speaking of which , all of those artists that were called to perform at this event , and did n't say yes on the first call... . shame on you . if roger calls you for an event , you say yes , and put whatever you 're doing aside , because this was way too big of an event to try to be politically correct with . i wish there were more documentary material with this dvd , as this was such a big event , there should have been more information . i had heard in an interview before the show that roger was once asked if he 'd ever do the wall again , and he basically said " if the berlin wall would ever come down , then i would consider doing it again " , and this was never mentioned in the doc . buy the video , even if you have the vhs , you 'll enjoy it . ... still waiting for pulse to be released as well , enjoy ! 
dvd neg 827.txt the only reason i 'm reviewing this movie now is because i just watched it on tv today . and the only reason i watched it was because nothing else was on . so.. . no , let 's be fair . i did enjoy analyze this , i really did , though it was n't a masterpiece that would remain with me for the rest of my life , or even for the rest of the day . and i do love both billy crystal and robert de niro ; they made a fantastic comedic duo in the first movie . i did n't have very high expectations , though , because i rarely expect too much of sequels . once again , i was proven right . analyze that illustrates perfectly why ` sequel ' sounds like such a dirty word . the original film had a spark of originality ; the sequel merely takes the same idea and the same jokes and tries to make them funny again . but of course , that could never work . it 's the same problem with almost every comedic sequel : those who have n't seen the original would n't understand the jokes , and those who have already heard them before . and that is why they fail time after time . so what does this movie have ? a great comedic duo , a couple of really funny guys . yeah , and ? fathers ' day had an even better pair , look what happened to that . a couple of good mafia jokes ? sure , sure . i even cracked a smile on several occasions . but that is n't enough . there are thousands of comedy films out there ; not many of them have that special something that makes them memorable , and producers think they 'll improve their odds by recycling the ones that work instead of trying to get new ideas . newsflash : think again . nobody watches these movies . there 's no reason to when you can just watch the original again 
software neg 171.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around 50 ( $90 ) or less 
dvd pos 687.txt i really loved this dvd . there is some information for everybody , beginners as well as advanced . there is also a nice presence from paul himself who does not hestitate to retrace the painful and private premices of this album . i was not necessarily a huge fan of his music and knew absolutely nothing of his personnal life and of his method in composing . this dvd , without being too personnal , made me discover the craftmanship of the composer and the depth of the man . i also enjoyed the discovery of the south-african music , their traditions and influence as described by some of the musician of that country . the many footages of the countryside were a pleasure , which worked perfectly with " graceland " songs . the anecdotes are meaningful , witty , funny , deep , depending on the situation . none of them self-indulgent or egotistical . this dvd is a truly great journey with one of the most influential folk composer's . i would rank this dvd up there with " the clash , west way to the world " and " u2 , the making of the joshua tree " . 
software neg 266.txt when printing cards it leaves a large border around front of card graphics . the cards do not print anything like they are shown on box display with front of card display taking up the whole card . when i contacted tech support i was advised that in order to correct this problem my printer must have a borderless printing option . my printer does not & i have been using another major greeting card software for about a year and half and never had this problem with that program . there is nothing on the outside of box under the system requirements that states this . on the outside of the box it says you can return for refund if not satified within 30 days and that the details are in the box . there are not any details in the box and when i contacted the company i got run around in circles stating there were two companies involved with the software and was never given information on how it could be returned . i am stuck with it 
health neg 938.txt i like the concept of no chemicals in a diaper , so i bought tushies . when my baby was newborn , they seemed to work ok , maybe because she did n't put out that much . she is now three months old . i practice attachment parenting so i know exactly when she has a bowel movement . the past two bowel movements the diaper has leaked horribly . she was sitting on my lap , she had a bowel movement , five seconds later i got up to change her , the feces was all over my pants . this has happened several times . the concept of the diaper is great , but the diaper needs some work around the legs 
health pos 923.txt this contains 16 servings , which means it will last you half a month . that 's pretty expensive when you break the price down by serving and whne compared with a 1 month supply of the flax capsules that costs $7. however , liquid flax oil is a lot more concentrated than the pills you buy at the store . a flax oil pill typically contains 1000mg of flaxseed oil and a suggested dosage of 2-3 times a day . so with pills you 're getting 2-3g of flax oil a day . with liquid flax oil , you 're getting 14g of flax . if you are buying this for it 's purported treatment of acne , sunburn , diverticular disorders , hemorrhoids , and more serious health conerns , it 's probably best to consume the liquid flax oil . if you just want the benefits of lower cholesterol and heart disease prevention , a pill a few times a day , combined with fish oil should be all you need . it 's definitely easier though to take a spoonful of this in the morning than 3 flax pills a day , and when you loook at value , you 're getting 224g of flax oil in this bottle when compared with a typical 100g in a 100 pill bottle of the capsules . it all depends on what you need it for 
dvd pos 640.txt the wolf man legacy set a no brainer.like all the classic universal legacy sets the special features are worth the price alone . jack pierce 's make up and wolfman creation are still the best ! this set along with dracula and frankenstein legacy collections enables you to see the entire series in order as sequels to the inferior but still hard to dislike monster rallies they would end with . you still need abbott and costello meets frankenstein to truely complete the series 
music pos 516.txt i really enjoyed the song kids in america by no secrets . both of my children enjoyed it as well . in fact i have been looking for their cd or for more information on them . i thought they were cute , fresh , and brought a new touch to the song 
books pos 583.txt i decided to read this on a flight to indiana from ny . i managed to complete the book on the return . it is a quick read , not a self help book , more about merton and nouwen finding their true self as well as the author 's road to becoming a jesuit . i think we all want to find our true self , but not all can and some never attempt to . martin stresses the importance of finding our true self in order to achieve happiness that comes from within 
health pos 806.txt i normally have severe pain in my neck especially when i first get up in the morning causing extremely painful headaches and migraines . this pillow has kept my neck in a suitable position , eliminating about 70-90% of my problems 
camera pos 62.txt my cousin 's wife is a professional studio photographer who occasionally lends out her lenses to me for clothing / lifestyle photoshoots ( i 've been pretty active in this area for some time , just now starting to go full digital ) , and i 've used the f / 2.8l about four or five times and this is one of the best lenses i 've used . period . shooting wide open allows you to retain high shutter speeds for night shots , as well as get very interesting and vibrant long shutter shots ( of crowds , the freeway at night , etc ) . when shooting action shots , the tripod mount can get in the way of zooming and focusing , but it can be removed easily enough . i personally just purchased the f / 4.0l , which , coupled with a relatively wide max aperture and shooting at either 1600 or 3200 on my 20d , should do nicely , but i still rate the 2.8 high up on my list 
health pos 344.txt this would be a great item except it is n't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right . our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us 
camera pos 797.txt i think is a " must " for any beginner , for a low price you can have almost all the different size of ep . try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the ep that you need . 
camera neg 40.txt i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens . 
software pos 881.txt first off , for people who are complaining about installing windows 2000 , it only took my approx . 6 1 / 2 hours ! i love it because every time i launch internet explorer it freezes ! i also love that theres 42 spyware programs and 78 tojans on my harddrive before i even hooked up my internet . the one thing i love the most though is that i can download any movie i want . like the recently video game adapted film mortal kombat ! it was at full quality on my 28.8k modem and it took about 3 minutes . the blue sceen of death happens so often i just went ahead and set it as my desktop and my screensaver . i also bought the separate ctrl alt del accesory pad , ive had it for about 2 days and i cant even tell what key is what anymore because i 've used it so much . but all in all dos has been a blessing , and i hope everyone embraces windows 95 into their homes . - shanan 
camera neg 822.txt i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least . 
books pos 502.txt after reading many so so books on training for triathlons this book spoke to me . being a beta type personality i loved the macro , kicked back approach he took to training . it was just what i 'd been looking for . keeping it fun . thanks , bra 
health neg 942.txt maybe it 's just my bad luck , but i ordered this item and it came out with the expired battery . i called amazon , and they sent me a replacement quickly . the thing is that the replacement was in exactly the same *not working* condition . the same problem with the battery . i was suggested to shop somewhere else for this item , as amazon vendor do n't check the condition of the items before they ship them to customers . be aware ! do n't waste your time 
music pos 286.txt although i like this album , there 's nothing that especially stands out about it . it 's typical bright eyes , and if you already love the band you wo n't be disappointed . however , it 's not one of their best albums . it 's not as good as lifted , not as addicting as fevers and mirrors , and not as raw and endearing as letting off the happiness . but yet again , conor succeeds in writing songs that capture all of the emotion without making me ill in a dashboard confessional sort of way 
books neg 565.txt this book explains very well the growing paranoia of modern parents . this is a resolute attack against parenting determinism . it is regrettable , however , that the author 's references are not more " scientific " than those he reproaches to parenting determinism advocates of using . moreover , he is not far from praising spanking , which is " proven " very bad for children 
software neg 367.txt normally i might wait to install a new software upgrade , but i just got a new laptop and thought it would be best to use office 2007 with the new vista operating system . i was wrong . you would expect that a multi-billion dollar company like microsoft could put out a powerful and bug-free piece of software . but after a month of using office 2007 , you get the distinct impression that this software is not ready for public release . microsoft should be ashamed . i do n't know the root cause of my problems , but i have to stress that i am running a clean install of office 2007 on vista , so there should n't be any software conflicts or issues . so what are my issues ? the list is long : - - my biggest concern is that ms word constantly hangs and stalls . it can making editing a document very painful . i suspect the problem is when i put images or visio diagrams into a document . but that is something the old ms word was able to do without an issue . oddly , if i have a colleague open the document and save it out in word 2003 , the problem goes away ! what ? ! it 's killing my productivity . - - when ever i cut and paste from an old document , word hangs for 15 to 20 seconds . and often the formatting and margins in my new document go haywire . i keep having to spend a ton of time fixing things . this never happened in the old word . this is another time killer . - - every few days , outlook 2007 starts telling me that it cannot display my email folders . uh oh ! i have to completely restart my computer to see my email again . - - outlook 2007 breaks many graphic emails that people send - - they look like a mess . it is because outlook 2007 does not render html correctly since it uses the word engine , not internet explorer to display email . i have no idea why microsoft did this , but they have got to fix it . - - many of the issues in the old word 2003 still have n't been fixed . if you place an image , it can often be hard to get it to appear correctly . why ca n't they solve this one ? - - while most office programs have the new ribbon interface ( which i like ) , some programs like visio 2007 do not . so you have to remember how to use two interfaces . could n't microsoft find the time and money to update all its programs ? give me a break . - - on a few occassions in visio 2007 , my files have failed to save correctly . at first i thought this must have been my fault , but it 's happened to me a few times and ca n't be a coincidence . a few times i 've gotten an error message and lost my work . ug. - - word and excel 2007 use a completely new file format . so anyone you send a document to has to have 2007 installed ( which is n't likely the case ) . to get around this , you can save it down to a 2003 file format , but then you end up with two files on your hard drive - - one in the new format and one in the old format . what a pain ! also , there definitely seems to be an issue with office 2007 opening older office 2003 files . could be the cause of many of my problems , but there is no way i can avoid using old files . they should have worked harder on compatibility . there are good things about the new 2007. i do like the new interface design and the new features in outlook 2007 are amazing for organizing tasks and sharing your calendar . but i do n't think it 's fair that microsoft released a product so full of serious , serious bugs that have cost me hours and hours of extra work . i did n't spend hundreds of dollars on a beta product and do n't think the public should have to suffer . surely they can afford to do better ! 
software neg 535.txt until ' 07 , if you had a mcafee suite but only wanted to use some of its components , and use other programs for other aspects of protection , that worked fine . for instance , i use zone alarm pro for firewall and spyware doctor for spyware , and mcafee ' 06 just for virus . this combination has worked fine , but mcafee ' 07 wo n't install *any* of itself unless all other programs are removed . and that 's a no-go for me , since some components of mcafee ( esp spyware ) were n't rated all that well by reviewers . 
music pos 942.txt i am not sure about my baby , but i love this cd ! actually baby loves it too but probably not to that great extent . : - 
health pos 758.txt i got the waterpik jp-130 to replace a shower head that was set too low for my husband . installation was easy enough , though , we had to purchase plumber 's white tape to get a good seal . other showerheads i 've purchased have come with the tape included which is why i took off one star . the arm was long enough that my husband can step under it and still have clearance from the wall . it creates a soft fall of water that i really enjoy and the head is large enough that i am actually able to wash my hair more quickly as it hits more of my hair at one tim . i 've not had any problems with the thumb screws and i have been move the unit quite often so that i can shave my legs . i 've loved this product so far and would definitely purchase again . 
dvd neg 81.txt the movies and stories are classic westerns , the quality is horrible , these are not remastered . it looks like they found the oldest copy of the film and transfered it to dvd . if i did n't like the actual movies , i would not buy knowing the quality 
books pos 635.txt i read this book on vacation . many years ago i read & quot ; in the shoes of the fisherman&quot ; and & quot ; the clowns of god . &quot ; i enjoyed both of these books but not enought to search out and read the third book in the trilogy . what a mistake ! this book contains the politics of power , the behind the scenes strugles and the fears and doubts as well as the faith and triumphs of the servants of the vatican , as well as the italian and international scene . the relationships both formed , forming and parting kept me glued to the book . the pace was fast and enthralling . do not miss this book . the end was somewhat predictable , but never-the-less still shocking 
books neg 625.txt i did n't expect this series of books to be laid out the way they are . i am disappointed that the " notes " are simply a glorified glossary arranged by chapter rather than alphabetical . key points from the book are not bulleted or organized based on content presentation , rather key terms are defined and that is all . 
camera neg 11.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped 
software neg 835.txt the retail price is totally wrong . i could get it for cheaper from another vendor 
camera pos 403.txt good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways . 
books neg 707.txt this book has a volume number - it is one of a series of monographs that have been published . i am looking volume 231 , but since you do n't mention the volume number i do n't know if this is the volume i 'm seeking . i will go elsewhere for my purchase 
health pos 93.txt i have had omord hr-100c for a few months now . i use it wile on my treadmill . it seems to take a wile before it starts to register the hart rate ; i think it is because the sending unit needs some moisture to make good contact with your skin . i did have some trouble with the unit when i first started using it ; i replaced the battery in the sending unit which solved the problem . the fact that the battery is user replaceable is one of the main reasons i picked the omord brand . the hr-100c is a bare bones unit and does a good job if you are looking for an inexpensive basic hart rate monitor 
health neg 876.txt the little radio does not have the ability for station lock-in . every time it is turned on it reverts to a station set at the manufacturer . since there are no indicators or displays it is annoying and time consuming having to constantly reset the station ( s ) . it also has lousy reception and lots of static can be heard when the radio is on 
software pos 553.txt the program seems to be much more accurate . i am still learning but i feel it was a worthwhile investment . i can write my e-mail much faster now . i highly recommend it and i feel it was worth the cost 
health neg 890.txt there are so many different sites that all tell you that ' they ' have the best absorbed coenzyme q10 manufactured . it 's hard to know who is really telling the absolute truth or just propagandizing a product for quick sale . we are born with extremely high levels of coenzyme q10 and then it gets slowly used up as the years pass even if we actually eat the foods that resupply our bodies . and who purposefully eats these foods for the coenzyme q10 content ? the mitochondria in every single cell in our body needs this coenzyme for production of energy . by the time we are over 40 , our levels have dropped significantly and our energy levels have dropped with it . i must admit that this nature 's made product does not seem to increase my energy level like other company 's coenzyme q10 does . so , from my own reaction to this product , i do not recommend this particular coenzyme q10. there are several other companies that make excellent , effective products ( like dr. whitaker 's and dr. sinatra 's and dr. william 's ) but not this nature made product 
health pos 182.txt i have not try proactive . the thought of buying something from an infomercial just does n't sit well with me . i , however , have tried many many products since my 20s till now ( i 'm 35 ) . i spent thousands of dollars on expense department store 's brands like clarins , seshiedo , dior , clinics , chanel , and prescriptives . i 've also religiously go to my derma every three weeks for the past ten years to have facials , extractions , and chemical peels . i tried perscription cream , oitments , pads , you name it ( even thought of laser ) . i have mild acne problem year round , and it only gets worst during that time of the month ( that 's when i 'd run out and try new products ) . three days ago i bought the zeno . i 'm going to return it . it did nothing to me accept thought it would burn me . i also bought acnefree and today i went back and bought another package to put in my gym bag . three days now , i 've noticed my skin cleared up ! i 'm amazed . i 'm not giving it a 5 star because my skin is not completely cleared . i 'll give it a try two more weeks and will update my rating if it improve . so far acnefree works for me 
health neg 982.txt this item is more of a foot and ankle massager if you have long legs . i am tall with a 37 " inseam . this item is not made for someone who has longer than " average " legs unless you 're looking for a foot and ankle massage rather than a calf massage . 
health neg 45.txt i was so excited about this product ; but when i got it i was deeply dissatisfied . the box was damaged . it was bent inward at the lid on one side and around the drawers opening it was ripped on both sides . i will be returning this product for a replacement . i do think that the box is really cute . however if i receive another damaged box then i will never buy another thing from this website 
health pos 913.txt my grandmother actually gave me a small sample of regenerist . i started to use it and fell in love with it . i have suffered with acne my entire life and i have found combining this along with my salicylic acid treatment my skin has improved drastically . i have since purchased a bottle of the regenerist serum that had a sample of regenerist night . these both seem to be making my skin clear up and be much smoother for applying cosmetics , which has been a problem due to my skin texture 
books pos 532.txt i was very impressed to find this very nice book . i 've heard about a quebecois who painted for the popular singer celine dion ( i 'm from quebec , canada myself ) , i wanted to see and i 'm very proud of it . huge ceilings and wonderful murals ! wow . felicitations 
dvd neg 155.txt i saw this at a friends house- -so thank god i did n't pay any money to see this bit of idiocy . i can only assume any good review you read was written by someone with a financial stake in the film ! the guys are not hot...not even lukewarm for that matter . the acting is terrible . please...anyone who had anything to do with this , do n't continue in the film industry . if it was possible to assign negative stars , i would do so for this awful experience . run away 
books pos 275.txt this book makes bsc theory utterly accessible . it provides an appropriate amount of background for those who do not know bsc theory well , but the balance of the book is dedicated to implementing bsc for almost any type of company ( profit , non-profit , public sector ) . niven 's language is clear and thorough and his book serves as a step-by-step implementation plan for bsc 
music neg 354.txt it really does n't appeal to me . but if you like them that is your opinion . i 'm not going to say your stupid for liking them because your different from me . but i just feel that there is way to much cursing for my liking i mean the creativity here is not very high i just feel you could use better words . but i mean the measure of a man is not how many girls you slept with . i mean that is how you lose money on child support . sex has never been the most important thing in life . honestly though i mean you just ca n't see these guys rapping about these same things when they 're 40 right cause that is wrong . i mean why be interested in a group of rappers that in 10 years probably wont be making music anymore let alone still be together 
camera neg 705.txt quite unsatisfied with this product and will be returning the 2 i purchased as gifts . in fact , the recipients asked me to return them . main reason , in order for it to be " portable " it requires a special battery that you can only buy from the manufacturer for an additional $30. i already spent $100 , not planning on spending more money . i think photoco needs to rethink their product and improve customer satisfaction . 
music pos 748.txt i bought this cd since my sister had stolen my original copy , lol . need i say more 
camera neg 293.txt after three weeks the batteries fails . i buy a knew one in walmart , and less expensive 
camera neg 984.txt this is a good charger - quick and portable . but the battery life of the battery sucks ! 
music neg 448.txt it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier 
music neg 692.txt i respect everyone 's opinion in here , and i 've tried so hard to love this album because i love pink floyd and i see how everyone calls it a classic . but i just do not get it . i highly overrated album imo . very childlike and underdeveloped , but maybe that is its charm ? i see 2 very different pink floyds and i have to say i never got into syd 's style . matilda this , lucifer that . the gnome ? come on . astromony domine was a classic but the rest of the album is a tough listen i 'm sorry to say . i 'm sure you 'll say a true floyd fan would love this album , well maybe that 's true . but for me , when waters and gilmour were together , that is the true floyd imo . and their reign started with meddle and ended with the wall . a brilliant 6 album run ( meddle , obc , dsotm , wywh , animals , the wall ) . for serious collectors , this is a must have and i 'll give it 2 stars , but stay away if you expect another ' wish you were here ' purchase , pre-gilmour can be a tough listen . 
dvd neg 430.txt if there 's a worse movie than this i have n't seen it ! looks like it was made in a day . the quality is dark and muddy with choppy edits . sort of like it was copied from a vhs tape that was recorded in the 6 hour mode after it was played 6 , 000 times . the actors and actresses deliver their lines like they are playing aliens in a bad twilight zone episode . if you look hard enough you can see the guy holding the cue cards in the scenes . the musical performances are obscure little known doo wop flops ! ( except for frankie lymon ) . look.....i wasted $14.99 plus tax plus gas to " run out " and buy this bomb . the only possible way to save it would be to maybe dub it in swedish , send it to a greenwich village " art house " and pass it off as a foreign film . come to think of it....do n't bother to dub it.....the sound is so off it looks dubbed already ! important update.....please read this ! i later discovered after i wrote this review that there is some significant social redeeming value to this little gem of the 50's . i understand that it is used constantly at the international institute for sleep disorders as the most preferred method of inducing a semi-comcious near sleep state for incurable insomniacs . and so as i write this update i 've been watching the flick again and i must admit.....i.... . ( yawn ) oh excuse me...where was i...oh yes i must admit that i.... . ( bigger yawn ) oh my goodness....i 'm so sorry....this is so rude of me... . ( yawn ) but it seems like.... . ( snoring ) ....i... . ( snoring ) i just ca n't seem to ( intense snoring ) ........ 
software pos 798.txt i use this program daily and it is awesome ! it has lots of great new features especially the new home page that has the customer , vendor and employee centers where you can now see all of the information in one place . the features and functionality of the program are everything any small to mid size business needs to run their company from a financial point of view . great improvements over previous versions 
software pos 202.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade 
health pos 253.txt as expected , the new 7180xl razor delivers a close and comfortable electric shave , even though it runs much slower than earlier models . the slow speed does make it very quiet and the new cleaning method is very handy . just 2 noticable disappointments : 1. the external power supply is a rather combersome change from former norelco products . 2. the exclusion of a storage case is certainly an unwelcome " feature " of an otherwise good product at a premium price 
camera pos 416.txt the camera fits perfectly . the case is very stylish . best of all , its pink 
health neg 420.txt i had bought this heating pad previously for an elderly cat because it did not have automatic shut-off and it works wonderfully . i just bought another one for our sickly kitten and they have added an automatic shut-off valve that they do not mention in the product description ! i wanted a heating pad without automatic shut-off ! i can get a heating pad with an automatic shut-off anywhere 
books pos 506.txt i have n't completed the book yet , but so far have found it to be very insightful and enjoyable . it begins in genesis and continues from there hitting on the most commonly read bible sections to the not so often or seldom read sections . he ends everyday with a thought provoking question to think on through out the rest of your day . i always look for to the next reading 
camera neg 744.txt before that it was kind of nice , but it cannot focus in even semi-low light . it is definitely light and easy to take everywhere , but there are so many conditions where the results are disappointing . no way i would call the output hd quality , just the best sd ever with a 16 * 9 format . and then it broke 
dvd pos 776.txt this is a hilariously written and acted film about two young people who get carried away with the beauty of an old house only to find that it is seriously flawed . tom hanks and shelly long are fantastic and people who love old houses will really identify with this 
music pos 619.txt throb was my introduction to jazz back in ' 69 or ' 70. i have listened to it all of these years on lp then cd , and it never lost its charm . steve swallow was just as nutty then as he is now , " chickens " is my favorite cut . the play between electric violinist richard greene and guitarist jerry hahn is a thing of beauty . hahn is still a player who can put just the right note in just the right place ( like that other countrified genius of jazz bill frisell ) , he can fuzz and wah-wah then tinkle the strings just right to make his musical point . one interesting thing is the organ playing by burton on throb , besides his vibes . the jarrett-burton album also has hahn and swallow , and drummer bill goodwin - -it is very much an album that shows all the new ideas sprouting in music . fortunately , the ideas of that time did not die out , but have continued to grow , making room for all sorts of fusions in jazz , many of which have been remarkable to experience . these two-lps-in-one is like having a superstar album before they became superstars . as i said before , i still play this cd after almost 35 years , and i still get a kick out of it , and still find things that amaze me 
music pos 111.txt i am a lover of " greatest hits " compact discs but this one by far is the best one i have purchased recently . this compact disc has almost all of the best tunes that joe walsh made and i highly recommend it to anyone who loves to rock ! 
camera pos 186.txt seems a little much to pay for an " extension cord " but upon receipt i see it is of very high quality and nice build on the connectors . plus , its a brand item from canon , so what can you do 
dvd neg 923.txt i found this to be a absurd movie . it just has alot of things in it that are just too far-fetched , and the plot itself was n't a strong one at that . to me it just seemed that it was trying to be a slapstick pirate movie , and it just did n't work . it tried to be a movie that all the family could watch , and it did n't work . it tried to be a disaster movie , and it did n't work . it tried to be a drama , and again it did n't work . i got a few chuckles out of it , it held my interest for maybe the 45 minutes to an hour that i watched it , but it was just sloppy , and uneven , and the best thing was watching most of the pirates in drag at the beginning . 
books neg 579.txt i was the commander of my highschools afjrotc rocket club so my godfather bought em this book it is very informative but if you are just building basic este kits then this is way to advanced for you as it was for me and the other cadets in the club but if you are really into rockets this book is for yo 
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan 
software neg 63.txt i received the package and read the instructions . in retrospect there were hints buried there that indicated this may not go well . it did not . my installation stalled out and would not complete rendering the computer useless . i had to take it to a professional to get it going . even so , i have had problems with internet explorer stopping suddenly , bsod's . this is not a job for the average computer user 
dvd pos 139.txt warner herzog 's " grizzly man " won the director 's guild award for best feature documentary , but the people who pass out oscars apparently did n't agree . " grizzly man " was not among this year 's nominees for best documentary . many of herzog 's narrative films , such as " fitzcaraldo , " deal with man 's attempt to challenge the indifference of nature , so " grizzly man " is not a departure by any means . herzog 's heroes are often obsessed with accomplishing some mysterious , even bizarre , goal . timothy treadwell 's fixation is on grizzly bears . " i am one of them , " he is heard to say . he survived in the wild , accompanied by a video camera , and , on at least one occasion , by a girlfriend . , living among the most dangerous beasts in the world whom he apparently believed he was protecting . " animals rule , " he said , fist defiantly pumping in the air . " timothy conquered . " treadwell became a minor celebrity during his life , appearing once on david letterman 's cbs show , but he aspired to more . before letting his love of animals consume him , he tried his luck in hollywood . he got an agent , and auditioned for tv and movie roles . he was , he told his parents , second choice for the bartender role on " cheers " which went to woody harrelson . missing out on that opportunity left him " crushed . " what really drove treadwell ? he reminds me of fey little carson on " queer eye for the straight guy , " and as he openly mentions that it 's easier to be gay than straight , i wonder if he was homosexual but unable to deal with his orientation , transferred his love of men to the roughest trade imaginable : grizzly bears . " i like girls , " he volunteers , but then he mentions various cruising places - truck stops , men 's rooms - in such a way as to make me think he had personal experience haunting these kinds of homosexual hangouts . he was also an alcoholic . were his wilderness adventures an escape from passions he was emotionally and psychologically unprepared to pursue ? those who are seen offering their remembrances of treadwell never allude to his sexuality . they describe a man whose life is ruled by a naive , hippy , new age approach to nature and who died as a result . the bears , to whom he gave names like " mr. chocolate " and " tabitha , " need protection , he said , and he was their self-appointed caretaker . others suggest that , despite his good intentions , he did more harm to the animals than he could have imagined . after treadwell was eaten by a bear , the animal was shot and its remains became a feast for other forms of wildlife . shooting a bear because he eats a man is comparable to shooting the customers at kfc for eating chicken . what is a bear supposed to do with a human who invades his turf ? treadwell was an intruder . one mans saystreadwell made the mistake of thinking these were people in bear suits . but treadwll knew these were animals . trouble is , his knowledge of animals seemed to have been learned from disney cartoons . the universe , director herzog says , is ruled by hostility , chaos , and murder . treadwell had a different philosophy . " is n't that sad ? " he squeals in his high-pitched girlish voice as he observes a bee who apparently expired while doing " his pollen thing . " " i love that bee , " he says . partially financed by the discovery channel , " grizzly man " is superficially a nature documentary about a man who loved wildlife so much that he felt at home among the bears and wolves more than he did his fellow humans . but it 's also a portrait of a highly disturbed man who admits he was treated for manic depression but rejected medication to control the condition because , he admitted , he needed those soaring highs and crushing lows . he also needed to record his solitary life on video . we see him crying as he pets a wolf , laughing when his command that god make it rain seems to have been obeyed , and arrogantly blasting the humans whom he perceives as the enemy of the animals . what we do not see is his final encounter with the bear that ate him . mercifully , the lens cap was on the camera when he was attacked . the camera was running , though , and treadwell 's screams , and the screams of his girlfriend , were recorded . out of respect for his family , herzog does not let the audience hear these recordings . instead , we see him listening to the audio , and his reaction ( telling one of treadwell 's friends that she must never listen to it , just as she must never see the coroner 's photos of the aftermath of the attack ) , is possibly more effective than including the obviously horrific sounds in the film . " i had no life , " treadwell said of his days before he began to frolic with ferocious beasts . " now i have a life . " that life is memorialized in herzog 's film . brian w . fairbank 
health pos 235.txt i love this item . i received it as a gift and now use it every single day . my hair dries so much faster after having been wrapped up in this . that 's great b / c now i do not have to blow dry as much , so my hair seems to be getting a lot healthier . only complaint would be that it does not stay wrapped very well . not sure if it 's the material or the size , but nonetheless , it still works great . 
books neg 163.txt that so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me . luckily , i bought this book used , otherwise i might be kicking myself for paying full price . between her utterly uninspired " devotional dances " to things such as sex , wisdom , and the " sticky one " ( a term she made up for the astral body ) , and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to " anoint " it , i was unimpressed , to say the least . however , driving on a trip a friend and i got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book . it 's very , very amusing if you do n't take it seriously . the thing that makes me sad is that she 's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth . there 's nothing evolutionary about it , unless you consider being a wanton , idiotic freak " evolutionary " . if this is what humanity is evolving into , i am frightend 
camera pos 318.txt puts a protective glass over your expensive gla$$ without distortion . 
software neg 311.txt rip-off rip-off rip-off rip-off rip-off rip-off microsoft windows is a joke we are all out to steel them bland we pay $200 for what ? to be belittle when we have to reinstall it i have 5 comp.and i have 5 boxes of microsoft windows xp home edition full version with sp2 one for each pc over $1000 ) 
camera neg 649.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it 
health neg 125.txt i bought this cushion because i had to move from california to new york and expected the drive to be torture on my back . i researched these types of cushions and decided to get this one because it has a lot of motors compared to cheaper units , and because i had recently bought a mogu pillow and really liked the soft feel of it- -this cushion has " sqush , " which has a similar feel.the cushion has a middle portion of sqush which is concentrated into 3 " lumps " - -at your shoulders , lower back , and under the front part of your thighs , near your knees . the lumps are soft and squishy and are covered in a spandex-like material . the rest of the cushion feels like fleece.when i first plugged it in , i was immediately disappointed in the weakness of the wimpy motors . even at the highest intensity ( i never even bother with the lower two ) , it felt like nothing more that a moderate vibration- -definitely not enough to un-knot an aching back . the pre-set programs are fine but i rarely use them . it comes with straps but i had a hard time trying to install it in my car because the instructions were non-existent and it was n't intuitive at all . i ended up just attaching them to some hardware on the underside of the chair , which worked well.i ca n't decide if the cushion made the drive any more bearable . the lower back cushioning filled my lumbar region fine but the shoulder padding must be too thick because it pushed my shoulders forward and forced me into a slight hunched position which strained my back and made it hurt . the thigh cushioning made it slightly difficult to slide into the seat because it effectively raises the level of the seat ( my car does n't have fancy seat controls ) and i had to wedge myself into the seat . the massaging feature was helpful because it was a fun thing to do on a boring drive and it helped a little to keep the circulation going , but it simply was n't powerful enough to be really effective . the worse thing is that the thigh motor died only a few hours into my trip ! ! it has a 2 year warranty , but you have to pay a $5 " handling " fee ! i 'm mad at myself for throwing away the box because if i had n't , i 'd return it to amazon and wash my hands of it.overall , this cushion is underpowered , unreliable , and not as orthopedically correct as it should be . it is definitely not worth the outrageous price . i regret not buying a simple lumbar cushion instead . i wish i had saved my money for homedic 's highly rated shiatsu seat cushion instead , although i 'm somewhat leary of their product reliability now 
books pos 962.txt there are so many design books , but the graphis series always asure you the best work quality . 
health pos 236.txt i got this unit as a gift from my boyfriend . high blood pressure runs in my family so i wanted to get a monitor to keep track . i was figuring on getting an arm unit , but when i got this wrist unit i wanted to see how it would work . the whole system is very easy to use and fast . you need to be sitting and resting to take the reading , but is happens quickly and then it stores all the results for you . i did n't think i would really use the memory function but it has come in pretty handy . i can say this was a great gift , something i use a lot , and something that will help me stay healthy 
music pos 975.txt i drive alot commuting to and from my job . this music has served as the perfect backdrop to an lovely indiana fall ! i 'm sure i 'll recall those colorful images as i continue to listen to this cd through the colorless days of winter 
health pos 466.txt this was sent to my daughter and son-in-law as a thank you present for a recent visit . i had noticed numerous bottles on the floor of their shower and thought it would be a great way to neaten it up . they love it ! ! ! not only does it get rid of the clutter and make it easier to dispense soap , shampoo , etc. , my son-in-law can now shave in the shower and keep his shaving paraphernalia there as well 
music neg 515.txt there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in 1969 : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess *five* stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper.. . dark side of the moon.. . led zeppelin 4.... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory . 
music pos 601.txt .and so worth the price of admission . 6 cds worth to be exact . coleman 's musical voice is so free and full of life ! it really is beautiful 
camera neg 272.txt i made sure i did my research and read all the reviews on various cameras before deciding to go with this one . i was highly disappointed when i got my camera home and put in the batteries , turned it on and immediately the lens got stuck in the " out " position with an error reading that said : lens error , restart camera . i tried to restart it a zillion times , only for it to say the same thing . i went on line and found that this is a problem with some canon cameras and now , instead of being excited about having this particular camera , i am completely disappointed . i 'm glad others have had such good luck with their cameras . please research the error because , in some cases , it did n't happen until a year later 
books neg 480.txt what is remarkable about this onetime best-selling book - - which could well be described as a coming-of-age-without-coming-of-age novel - - is not that fitzgerald produced it when he was all of 24. nope , the amazing thing here is that the same writer produced " the great gatsby " a mere five years later . " this side of paradise " is a mess : it is as uneven , affected , feebly pretentious and relentlessly immature as its hero , the tiresomely self-conscious young minnesotan-gone-to-princeton amory blaine . ( one suspects , in fact , that had fitzgerald abandoned his muddled third-person narrative altogether and rendered the work instead as amory 's diary the result would have been considerably more readable - - or the book 's structural and methodological flaws considerably more forgivable , at least . ) that the novel was a roaring success upon publication in 1920 - - it was to prove the most popular book , in terms of sales , ever produced by its author - - presumably speaks to the public 's recognition of something new and revealing in it . okay , amory blaine may well have been the original jazz age prototype ; and the drinking and shameless smooching ( etc. ) that he and his prep school and princeton friends indulge in at various points in the novel were probably , one can accept , a revelation to see in print ( and likely a titillating one ) for an american audience raised on mcguffy 's readers - - and ready for some sort of great departure after the great war . welp , here it comes : " on the triangle trip amory had come into constant contact with that great current american phenomenon , the ` petting party . ' none of the victorian mothers-and most of the mothers were victorian-had any idea how casually their daughters were accustomed to be kissed . " to the reader at a remove of some 80-plus years this is , of course , very small beer . what was alarming frankness in 1920 tends to read now , in the best cases of the paradise narrative , as unalarming quaintness . while this is not exactly fitzgerald 's " fault " , so to speak , it is also true that the use of " shocking revelations " of this type - - scandals specific to a place and time - - represents a risk a writer takes : the march of history may or may not reveal something lasting and / or universal in such episodes . in any event , the price the reader pays here , in slogging through the meandering narrative which surrounds amory 's adventures in quaintness during the nascent roaring twenties , is very , very high for payoffs of such modest proportions . i mean , come on : " for years afterward when amory thought of eleanor he seemed still to hear the wind sobbing around him and sending little chills into the places beside his heart . the night when they rode up the slope and watched the cold moon float through the clouds , he lost a further part of him that nothing could restore ; and when he lost it he also lost the power of regretting it . eleanor was , say , the last time evil crept close to amory under the mask of beauty , the last weird mystery that held him with wild fascination and pounded his soul to flakes . " yikes . i do n't care what new generation you 're talking about , can a flake-pounded soul really represent much of an innovation to anybody ? ( can it represent anything to anybody ? ) there are things to like , even admire , here and there in paradise . fitzgerald gets off a few of the wonderfully epigrammatic lines that were to become a trademark ( e.g. , " they slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered . " " sometimes i wish i 'd been an englishman ; american life is so damned dumb and stupid and healthy . " " it 's better to leave the blustering and tremulo-heroism to the middle classes ; they do it so much better . " ) and the political incorrectness of some of the narrator 's observations is , in its now-curious way , refreshingly , bracingly funny : " slowly and inevitably , yet with a sudden surge at the last , while amory talked and dreamed [which is about all amory ever does-mht] , war rolled swiftly up the beach and washed the sands where princeton played . every night the gymnasium echoed as platoon after platoon swept over the floor and shuffled out the basketball markings . when amory went to washington the next weekend , he caught some of the spirit of crisis which changed to repulsion in the pullman car coming back , for the berths across from him were occupied by stinking aliens-greeks , he guessed , or russians . " nothing like a little wretched refuse to remind you there 's a war on , i always say . anyway , most of the novel consists of young amory 's elaborate ponderings - - romantic , philosophical and egotistical - - which are as forgivable as they are forgettable . i 've forgotten them already . at some level , in any case , fitzgerald himself had to recognize the ridiculousness of this pompous character - - who was , of course , a not-very-disguised version of himself . for how else , if not as commendably self-deprecating irony , are we to take this observation ? " amory was in full stride , confident , nervous , and jubilant . scurrying back to minneapolis to see a girl he had known as a child seemed the interesting and romantic thing to do , so without compunction he wired his mother not to expect him , and sat in the train and thought about himself for thirty-six hours . " in the end , in any event , one comes back to the initial fitzgerald vs. fitzgerald comparison with something like gaping wonder . in paradise almost nothing works : form , content , narrative stance , dialogue , character development , pacing - - you name it , it 's a problem . yet in gatsby , five years later , everything works - - everything . if there is to be a great american novel , it will have to supplant gatsby for the honor . while it is hard to see how fitzgerald got from point a to point b , the fact is that he did - - and without point a the journey could not have begun . so while " this side of paradise " hardly deserves a place in the national literary canon , it surely deserves our respect , and indeed our gratitude , for what it led to . 
software pos 384.txt it is great to be able to read all the avenger comics again . i read them as a kid , but did n't get to read the very beginning . i hope that they bring out more of the comic book characters on dvd . i will buy more 
music pos 144.txt " i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album . 
software neg 865.txt i will never buy another product from this manufacturer . i have a legal copy of this program , and on the weekend my motherboard died . i had to buy a new board then reinstall all my software , and when i got to dns8 it told me i 'd registered too many times and i had to buy a new copy . hidden somewhere in the site i found reference to uninstalling the previous install whilst online to allow me to install it again . so , i dug out my old hard drive , set it up temporarily , connected to the internet and uninstalled . went to the new machine and installed and ... no dice . same message . this is the worst example of product activation , and when i went to customer support they wanted my credit card number in order to charge me $9.95 to install a legally purchased product . i will now explore other means because i fully intend to use the software i paid a lot of money for . and in case anyone from the company ever reads this ( unlikely ) , i 'm going to use all my online clout to tell people just how annoyed i am . i only get one thousand three hundred unique visitors per day to my websites and blogs , but that adds up to quite a few people over a couple of months and you can be damn sure every one of them will hear about this . i once wrote a lengthy blog post praising your product . now it 's time for the addendum 
dvd pos 430.txt it 's not a great movie , but it 's a lot of fun . this is one of those movies that just catches me . it 's quirky and has some decent ( for it 's day ) effects . there are a feww laugh out loud momments . truth be told they are few and far between . some great bit characters make up a fun ensemble . the cast is pretty damn cool , with urich being upstaged by ron pearlman , angellica houston , john mat. . mattus.. . the big guy . anyway , it 's cornball comedy with a basic plot . hey what do you want ? it 's 80 's chessy goodness and more fun that it should have been . i still giggle at the time warp battle 
health neg 327.txt the design is great , very light , easy to handle . it 's very nice to be able to use it cordless . however , this is the least powerful epilator i have ever used in my 14 year of personal epilation history . ( i have gone through six epilators . ) it takes forever to clear a small area . 
dvd neg 47.txt ok , this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show ( although sweeney todd comes to a close second ) . where is the show ? ! they cut out the " glory " battle scene and just had the actors come out and look happy instead of creepy like they should when they do the slow-mo battle scene ( that was not in the movie.. . ) . also , where is " i guess i 'll miss the man ? " that 's a beautiful song that was cut from the movie why ? also what about " prayer for a duck " and many others ! ! ! this is by far the worst ladies and gentlemen and completely ruins the show created by stephen schwartz and the great bob fosse ! oh yeah , and chita rivera 's " spread a little sunshine " was pathetic , and the players did not convince me that they were creepy and really wanted pippin to do the " grand finale . " i was in this show and it was the greatest show i 've ever done , but this dvd is pathetic . do n't waste your money on the costly price of $19.99 , it should be $7.99 because of how many great songs and scenes that were cut from this show 
software neg 522.txt there 's a fundamental flaw in the software : it wo n't print a greeting card properly unless you have a borderless-capable printer . if you print on a printer that ca n't do borderless printing , the front cover image on the card will be off center . check the faq section of the hallmarksoftware web site and they even admit as much . it 's a known bug , and a ' fix ' has been promised since december according to the hallmarksoftware on-line forums . until the fix is released , if ever , avoid this program 
camera pos 695.txt i have had great luck with other opteka lenses , but i had to by a thread adapter . what is the thread size of this lens here ? i need to know before i buy . opteka , please put thread sizes of your lenses in the description . thanks ! 
camera neg 605.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
health pos 676.txt had one for the last 2 years until i tore the screen . this is the best shaver i have ever used . shaves fast and clean.its cheap enough that i will buy another one rather than replace the screen . do n't like the charger as it is too easy to knock the shaver off of it 
music neg 840.txt i did not get my order . you were suppoused to send my money back . i am waiting . thank 
dvd pos 904.txt in response to the earlier reviewer , this is sergio garrone 's django il bastardo , not the other film the reviewer mentioned . django il bastardo is a small gem among spaghetti westerns , a low budget b movie in which a ghost ( django ) avenges his own death ( a topic later adapted by clint eastwood for his & quot ; high plains drifter&quot ; ) . hence , steffen 's & quot ; wooden&quot ; acting is totally appropriate for the role . a little jewel with nice gothic atmosphere , innovative camera tricks and good supporting actors ( a standout is luciano rossi as the main baddie 's insane brother ) 
health neg 777.txt i ordered this product on june 7th 2006 , today is july 11th 2006 , and i still have not received it . i have cancelled my order because it is a lot faster to drive to the story to purchase it , than to wait over a month for it to show up . i 'm really not happy with the turn around time for the tide he detergent . 
software pos 161.txt first , if you 're thinking about using these photos for print , you may wish to think again . most objects run between 300-600 pixels in width or height , or 1-2 inches at 300 dpi . stretch them bigger than that , and they 'll start to blur and / or get jagged . also note , that if you try to export / save an image from the hemera image browser and select the 300 dpi setting , the browser may stretch the graphic larger than it 's actual size , causing blurring and jaggedness right out of the gate . you need to use the " use image 's full size " checkbox when exporting images . if you specify a 300 dpi size , and do n't use that checkbox , you 'll get a stretched image . for example , the first image in the collection ( the pocket watch ) is only 384 pixels wide . if you specify 300 dpi and do n't check the " use image 's full size " box , the software will stretch it to 642 pixels wide . the stretching will cause the image to look fuzzier and / or more jagged when you use it in a web site or print project . all that said , if you 're going to use the images for the web , they 're great . you get almost all the images you 'd find in their three " photo objects " collections , each of which is much more expensive than this single collection . the difference is the photo objects collections offer about 20-30% higher resolution ( i.e. the first image in the collection is 384 pixels wide , but is 492 pixels wide in photo objects ) and you can save the photo objects images with transparent backgrounds ( while this collection forces you to specify a color for the background ) . for the price , this is a good collection . there are lots of shots with minor variations , so it may seem like duplication , but for someone trying to get something just right , that slightly different tilt of the head may be just what the doctor ordered 
camera pos 401.txt when i purchased this camera i was really conflicted on wheather i should get a digital still camera or a digital video camera . so when i decided still and found out the canon powershot had a video feature , i was pleased but had very low expectations . boy was i suprised ! this camera has so many fun features for both still and video pics . and the quality is awesome for both ! there is a video email option so you do n't have to guess if your videos are going to fit into an email . but if you want you can create some really good quality video with a quick adjustment . and all of it transfers easily to my computer . plus with still pics there are lots of easy features to choose from so you can quickly set up for any kind of shooting sinario . 
health neg 81.txt all this box does is make tones to slow down your breathing . i looked at it for a long time , i never found a clear explanation of what it actually is . so i tried it and it seems like it should cost about $11.99. save your money 
dvd neg 509.txt ' clownhouse ' is mainly associated with a sex scandal involving the director and the youngest boy actor . while hearing of salva 's conviction when ' jeepers creepers ' came out , i never knew it had anything to do with this movie , nor had i ever heard of this in the first place . i actually stumbled upon this looking to see if there was a horror movie involving clowns besides ' it ' , and came across this weird little ' halloween' -like suspense tale . while the sex scandal never once popped into my head ( except when there was a pointless and gratuitous butt shot of the kid ) , i still did n't care for this too much , despite its pluses . like ' halloween ' , this film relies on suspense rather than gore to creep people out , but sadly , it did n't really get to me . if i was about 9 or so , this would 've scared the hell out of me . i 'm not saying i hated this ; it was all right and had some geniune chills and some fantastic images , but because you see who the clowns are before they find the house and start terrorizing the children , it lost some effect for me . i would have liked it better if i had no idea what was going on , and it would 've been a creepier experience . horror movie fans should like this , even though i personally thought it would be better . the atmosphere is very , very creepy , and the clowns are actually pretty terrifying in their own way , but it just did n't do it for me . rent it first 
camera pos 603.txt great product , great price , great company , quick delivery . we love the small size 
camera neg 689.txt so this was my first digital camera , got it last july for my birthday . i go to a lot of concerts , so i needed a camera that could take pictures in not good light and take pics of moving subjects . well , two days after i got it , i was at a festivale watching my fav band perform and the the screen went white . it would still take pics , only you couldnt see them . after changing the batteries and turnign it off and on , it went back to normal . alarmed , i called samsung and they told me the couldnt do anythign until it was white again . it only did it a couple of times after that so i never called again . but that was only one thing wrong with it . this is a horrible camera for concerts , the pictures are always blurry . shoot , even when im at my house the pics still come out blurry sometimes . tuesday i went to see my fav band again , and the dumb thing goes white . it woudnt stop , no matter how many times i turned it off and on again . now the flash is broke and i 'm ready to throw it against the wall . you ca n't trust this camera . you never know when it will take good pics or bad pics.i wouldnt even consider buying this camera for a minute ! 
software pos 697.txt i have not yet looked at all the documents included in this software . i appreciate the tutorial nature and the pro / con examples given . since i am not a lawyer , i am a bit nervous about making legal decisions that would need a test in court to be sure i made the correct choices . i did complete the healthcare directive and it compares well with others i 've seen used in my state . i need to learn more about estate planning and this is going to teach me the jargon and the proper questions to ask . my only complaint is that i declined the free delivery option and paid for delivery so i would have enough time to work with it before my parents appointment with their estate attorney . it did not arrive in a timely manner and i was forced to purchase a download version from another vendor in order to complete forms i wanted the attorney to look at . it is no surprize that he was more interested in drawing up his own forms for my parents and charging $1000 for a basic package . i decided to keep the cd anyway ( when it finally arrived ) just in case i have a hard drive failure . 
camera neg 811.txt cons only , no pros : the velcro closure is week and opens easily terrible look the side zippers are a mistery , totally useless no space for extra memory or battery attaches only to a very small belt the flash opens spontaneously while inserting the camera in its pouch making it difficult to get it out later on and probably damaging the flash 
music pos 382.txt back when blondie was being hailed as the biggest new-wave band in pop music by fans and critics alike , there were also just as many critics that quickly dismissed blondie as " bubblegum pop , " and one group that would never have staying power . but i think it 's been observed enough how the group has had the last laugh . parallel lines helped establish blondie as a serious music group and turned their cult following into commercial success . this album is also the first where debbie harry 's voice gets sharpened with the sensibility of a sweet , vulnerable girl one minute to sultry and rapturous behind disco grooves the next . the album made punk , pop , and disco shake hands , which was a method unheard of in 1978. songs like " hanging on the telephone , " " picture this , " " pretty baby , " and " sunday girl , " have become irresitable pop gems , while " i know but i do n't know , " and " fade away & radiate , " featuring a terrific guitar lick by robert fripp , are punk-driven classics . last but not least are the two hits that are forever getting played on the classic rock stations of today in " one way or another , " and " heart of glass . " and how has debbie harry played out as lead singer after all these years ? as rolling stone stated when this album was ranked #140 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , " madonna was surely watching . " 
health pos 807.txt i was suffering from intense neck and shoulder pain before i started using this pillow . when i started sleeping on it a couple of months ago , the pain was gone after the first night , and it has n't come back since then . it supports my neck perfectly . i highly recommend 
music pos 440.txt the best of taste compiles material from their 4 official albums released from 1969-72. the albums consisted of two studio albums & quot ; taste&quot ; , & quot ; on the boards , and the two live albums & quot ; live taste&quot ; , and & quot ; live at the isle of wight&quot ; . this band was a power trio led by rory gallagher before he disbanded the group to embark on a successful solo career . the band led by gallagher on vocals , guitar ( electric , acoustic , & amp ; slide ) , harmonica , and alto sax specialized in hard hitting blues rock . the music has much in common with cream . however , the richard mccracken and john wilson could not compete with the stellar musicianship of jack bruce and ginger baker . the undervalued gallagher is an unsung guitar hero whose work compares favorably with that of eric clapton . like cream the band favored extended versions of tunes like & quot ; sugar mama&quot ; and & quot ; i feel good&quot ; included here . the music included here is varied . it ranges from the slow gut wrenching version of & quot ; catfish&quot ; to the more acoustic cover of & quot ; leavin ' blues&quot ; . the cuts from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; become more jazzy at times . tracks like & quot ; on the boards&quot ; and & quot ; it 's happenened before , it 'll happen again&quot ; highlight the band 's more improvisational approach . hard hitting tracks like & quot ; eat my words&quot ; spotlight gallagher 's outstanding slide technique . two cuts i miss from this period which are not included here are & quot ; dual carriageway pain&quot ; from & quot ; taste , and & quot ; morning sun&quot ; from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; . the live concert favorite & quot ; sinner boy&quot ; provides a bridge to gallagher 's solo career as the studio version was included on his first solo album & quot ; rory gallagher&quot ; . this anthology provides a great overview of the early work of irish blues-rock guitar hero rory gallagher and his battered stratocaster . it is even more essential as the four original albums are only available as imports 
health pos 774.txt i like this kit very much and my colleague are going to purchase it when they saw mine 
dvd pos 353.txt i absolutely love this movie ! it 's one of my favorites and i could watch it over and over . it 's got good plot , good acting and great child stars . i 'd recommend this movie to anyone to has n't seen it yet ( if there is any such person ) 
dvd neg 388.txt obviously , the music featured here is of high-quality . hardly sign of the times transcendent , but nonetheless very exciting ( as was typical of prince 's 2002 tour ) . unfortunately the director does his / her upmost to ruin everything for you with sub-bootleg grainy picture quality and warped sound , hamfisted camera angle switches , bizarre washed-out colors , some horribly cheesy effects and cuts . for a band featuring nothing but incredibly dextrous musicians who play with an enormous level of detail and complexity , it 's a shame the director clearly has n't the faintest idea how to shoot a concert let alone one featuring musicians of this caliber . hey prince , just so you know....your diy " npgmc " approach is only impressive if with it you can match what you 'd been able to do had you still had the financial might of a major behind you . if it looks this amateurish then you just look , well...amateurish . and your talents are not worthy of anything even close to amateur-level presentation . the bootleggers you despise so much put far greater care into the stuff they put out than you obviously could be bothered to do with this . i mean really , you re-shot sign of the times in its entirety at paisley park after the rotterdam / antwerp footage was not up to par : i find it hard to believe that original footage was any worse than this . hardcore prince fans such as myself will want it despite this , but casual fans ( especially those not familiar with the more obscure prince material that makes up most of this concert ) should definitely avoid . 
camera pos 170.txt the fisheye lens is a lot of fun , and i enjoy using mine . however , i find that the practicality of the lens is minimal . i do n't usually want my " serious " photographs to have fisheye distortion . i do n't tend to like the 1.6x crop on canon 's lower-end digital slr cameras , but with the fisheye this has an interesting benefit : it 's reasonably easy to use the fisheye as a standard wide-angle lens , since most of the distortion is removed by the 1.6x crop . you can still get distortion , but it 's a lot easier to compose a shot without it using a 1.6x camera than a full-frame camera . either way , lots of fun . buy one for the enjoyment , or even for professional assignments if your work calls for it , but think about if you really want the distortion before getting one of these 
books pos 500.txt although i 'm not new to wwii histories , the first world war is one of my favorite historical periods to read about and one of my favorite books from that war is alistar horne 's " the price of glory . " since i enjoyed reading about one if wwi 's most epic battles , i did not hesitate to read " stalingrad : the fateful siege " by antony beevor . in both works , comparisons are made between the battles of verdun and stalingrad and for good reasons . both battles were initiated by german forces that underestimated the tenacity of their enemy , the course of battle spun wildly beyond their commander 's control , and both battles cost a near unimaginable loss of life and human suffering . beevor is especially keen on the amount of human agony throughout the battle of stalingrad , which makes the book gutwrenching but at the same time the reader is unable to put it down . from the well-documented cold , lice , and hunger that haunted russian and german soldier alike , to the disease and desperation experienced by the sixth army as they were slowly strangled in zhukov 's trap , it seems that beevor has overlooked nothing . unlike many battle histories that may focus on stategy or political fallout of the conflict , the emphasis on human suffering and heroism in beevor 's work makes the reader sympathize for russians , germans , romanians , and anyone else unlucky enough to get caught in the battle . not only does beevor shed light on the plight of ordinary soldiers , he also examines the more famous players in the battle ; including a paranoid stalin , a dreaming hitler , a finger-pointing von manstein , and a indecisive paulus . indeed , the reader gains perspective from rastenburg and moscow all the way down the heirarchy to the frozen bunkers of stalingrad . overall , " stalingrad : the fateful siege " is an excellent book that is recommended for anyone interested in world war ii or just any hard-hitting military history 
camera pos 419.txt i purchased this camera so i could photograph wildlife on hikes . i needed something that was not too heavy , was image-stabilized , with telephoto power . this camera meets all those requirements . it does have one problem , however . in bright light , the viewfinder blanks out , so one cannot clearly see the object to be photographed . i have solved that problem to some extent , by pointing the camera at the object , and letting the autofocus do the rest . this " fix " has resulted in many excellent photos . like many other small cameras , the results tend to be contrasty , and i modify this tendency in photoshop 
dvd pos 896.txt i did n't give this five stars because it 's some kind of oscar-worthy achievement , but if you are a fan of the quirky , b-grade fantasy genre that had its heyday in the late seventies to late eighties , then this film is a must . " hawk " offers hilarious jump-cut editing , dialogue that is spectacular in its badness , and probably the most memorable elf character ever put to film . for all that , the film is also remarkable for its innocence , in a time when cheesecake t&a fantasy like " the sword and the sorceress " and the infamous " deathstalker " series were the norm , " hawk the slayer " keeps it clean , and is all the funnier for it . if you have the right sort of friends , then snap this gem up , invite them over for beer and pizza , and have a go . it 's more than worth it 
dvd neg 993.txt running with scissors is a slice of life movie which spends time leering into the lives of eccentrics and then ends with no revelations or culminating event . unfortunately what comes before the movie fails to culminate is not very profound or insightful . it is marginally entertaining and somewhat troubling . the lead character in the movie is a 15-year old . his parents divorce , and his selfish mother sends him to live with her charlatan psychoanalyst and his similarly-acquired family . lead is on course to become a writer ( who eventually writes the non-fiction account upon which this movie is based ) , but we see little of his efforts to develop himself as a writer . all the performances were serviceable , save for gwyneth paltrow , who lazily regurgitates a role she played previously . annette benning is also essentially revisiting a role she played in a better movie . mrs. benning performed excellently and selflessly , but the similarity of the roles intruded on my view of the movie . it is a sure sign that hollywood is producing too many dysfunctional family flicks when all actors have been consigned to act in them and some actors are serving a second term . also growing tiresome is the treatment of gays in movies . the presence of one or more characters has become a requirement in films that explore a set of quirky characters . furthermore , the gays are stereotypically endowed with greater passion and depth of emotion , and are put-upon or stifled by the stodgy straights . the most promising characters are the psychoanalyst 's wife and adopted daughter . the movie has some colorful and funny scenes , but these are not enough to justify a viewing 
software pos 820.txt photoshop cs 2 is in a league of it 's own . it can be used to do professional photo retouching and correcting but it is also probably the best painting package out there . it 's not perfect however . there are some features that high end compositing and color grading programs like inferno and davinci have that photoshop could use , and the warper is just bare bones but then we 're talking big bucks and no doubt photoshop will eventually have something like them . except for a few filters , it can function in 16 bits per channel which was a long time coming but now it 's here , making it a professional product . still , as far as i 'm concerned , the ultimate paint program has yet to be written 
software neg 557.txt this product is nothing like the desktop version of the software . so limited in functions , you might as well have a paper map . 
health neg 474.txt i have had this straightener for about a year . it will get my wavy hair straight but not quickly and i have to use the high heat settings . also , my hair does not get stick straight but if your hair is already pretty straight then this is a good straightener 
music pos 688.txt watching the melvins evolve was extremely interesting and entertaining . they began as an unassuming punk band , and proceded to incorporate the heaviness of 70 's rock into their sound . then they stripped away any and all of the " punk " trappings and went for pure heavy . it all culminated with this record . it just does n't get any heavier than ' roman bird dog / hung bunny' . ' with teeth ' , rumored to actually be written by joe preston , is one of my all time favorite melvins songs . speaking of joe preston , he was the by far best of the melvins ' 7000+ bassists they had over the years . shame they got rid of him shortly after this album . as soon as they fired him , they went straight down the greased pole to mediocrity hell . bad karma . thank god that rock bands record their music so that it is n't lost forever every time they make stupid decisions . the only song on this record which i do n't like is the cover of alice cooper 's ' the ballad of dwight fry' . thankfully they made up for it with a cover of flipper 's ' sacrifice' . some of the melvins ' subsequent records have their moments ( stoner witch 's ' shevil ' , stag 's ' cotton mouth ' ) , but for the most part it seems to me that the melvins gave up the ghost after recording this . maybe someday they 'll make a comeback 
dvd neg 730.txt i was very disappointed in the quality of this dvd . i would not recommend anyone buying this dvd until the quality is back to that of a professional recording 
dvd neg 848.txt i would love to provide a review of this dvd , however since i 've not received it , despite having placed my order in august ( it 's now november ) and having written to amazon customer service about the matter ( as yet unanswered ) i 'm afraid any review will have to wait 
music neg 267.txt shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. . 
books neg 1000.txt " the burning " was a big letdown after reading bentley little 's masterful book , " dispatch " . i seriously considered that this book might be written by someone else while bentley was ill and could n't write . who knows . i love this guy and ca n't tell you how disappointed i was . while one of the top 5 horror writers working today , bentley little seems to be hit or miss with his stories . i simply just did not enjoy reading this new release . it seemed that he was throwing way too much random horror at the reader and hoping some of it would stick . and , with everything he was trying to do , none of it - not one moment - was scary ! shadow creatures performing random oral sex , creeping fungus , talking voices in the microwave , deformed goblins peering in windows , skeletons climbing out of mud pits , tunnels filled with moving corpses , and a runaway ghost train crashing into the white house was just too silly . it reminded me of his previous work , " the return " , another disappointment containing silly , bizarre , and unrealistic situations . the scenes of horror during the first third of the book were described during the daytime hours and lost its scare value , suspense , and atmospheric quality . the book had many problems that pulled me out of the story . one of those problems was how ridiculous it was that the police would allow a field trip to a tunnel of bodies that had just been discovered earlier that same day . bentley needs to do what he does best , which is to come up with a gimmick , focus everything on that single idea , and continue to build suspense around it using his original and obsessed style of storytelling . it worked with " the store " , " the association " , " the policy " , and " dispatch " , just to name a few . let 's hope he gets back on track with his next book . 
health neg 883.txt i purchased these but had to return them . while the molded strap is adjustable , it only opens up approx . 1 " . the magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5 " or larger around - at the eyebrows , forget it , these will not fit you 
books neg 839.txt as a young woman i was appauled by gurian 's lack of respect for women as human beings.what makes me the most furious is his shadowy writing which can lead a young woman to think she is only worth something if she squishes herself to allow the boys and men to take the lead in life.the resounding message is girls and women are potentially inferior and cannot because of our hormones make important contributions to society beyond traditional roles.i do n't remember ever being taken over by hormones and rendered down to a emotional bundle of primative chemical reactions he believes all females to be . i agree with posters about this bridge brain foolishness.gurian is a master at twisting words around and you have to read his books being mindfull of his tricks.his book is full of agenda . 
dvd pos 645.txt this movie helps brings to life what you have read in the bible about john and future world events . you must see this movie 
software pos 582.txt i bought this software for my wife for christmas . the quality of this software is outstanding . it is simple to use , but has many , many features . i would recommend this software for anyone who likes to scrapbook , but also for those who enjoy doing anything with pictures . you can make calendars , greeting cards , birthday cards etc. , as well as flyers . the price for this software is very cheap for the quality and the amount you get from it . it is a must 
dvd pos 927.txt these days i want laughter in my life and katt williams gives it to you in the pimp chronicles . i thought kat williams live was great , but this one was better ! his tell it like it is and living life approach is great . if you ca n't go to see him in a live performance this is the next best thing . be prepared to laugh so hard your sides ache . keep an open mind and go for the ride ! 
software neg 73.txt this roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . first , it does n't work . second , i cannot obtain any support from roxio to find out why . they wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . run , do n't walk away from this software and this company 
dvd neg 413.txt for those of you looking for more eva action after seeing the original series take heed . do n't buy this dvd ! the death part of the dvd , part 1 , is nothing but a terrible rehashing of scenes from the regular season , and the second half , rebirth , part 2 , is new stuff , very good , but ! if you buy ' the end of evangelion ' you get rebirth and a much better and easier to understand ending to the whole series in completely new material . so , do n't buy ' death&rebirth' . buy ' the end of evangelion ' instead 
camera pos 725.txt this camera is very similar to the fuji f30 , but has face detection ( fd ) that autofocuses on faces in a photo . great for taking pictures of yourself , or for snapshots you do n't have time to compose . excellent quality photos in dim light . at 3200 iso , photos are washed out and noisy , but still good for capturing an image you would otherwise miss . option to limit iso to 1600 , or to 400. camera will use any speed up to the limit . 400 iso is extremely good . as good as my canon digital rebel xti . usual modes i never use ( flower , landscape , etc. ) , but one unique mode i use all the time : no flash / flash . the camera takes a picture without flash up to 3200 iso , and then takes a picture with flash immediately after . usually takes less than one second to capture both images . no flash does n't surprise anyone and ruin the candid shot , while the following flash guarantees you 'll get the image , even if the " warm glow of candlelight " is ruined . i always have the camera set to this mode . uses xd cards , which i hate , but if you buy a 1 gb card you 'll be able to take 400 - 500 photos without ever needing to change the card . also , battery life is unbelieveable ! fully charge the camera over several hours , and you 'll be able to take 400 photos , half with flash , before the battery is drained . fuji-brand underwater housing is optional , watertight to 40m ( 121 ft . ) camera comes with underwater setting to intensify non-blue colours , and still keep the intense blue of the water . literally *every* diver should have one of these cameras . i recommend this camera without hesitation . there simply is n't anything else like it on the market . 
camera pos 818.txt i was very happy with the product . it serves me well . fast delivery , good service by the vender . i got the project done and it will serve me well on into the future . great travel storage case , heavy plastic unit . good quality light stands 
software pos 617.txt this is no gtr , but it should n't be either . being a huge simbin fan i have to say the gtr series are still the best . although there are times when gt legends historic cars can be quite the challenge , and really a blast to drive....and in the end , thats what its all about 
dvd pos 493.txt for those reviewers who have not seen the remakes , see dail m for murder by alfred hitchcock , perfect murder starring michael douglas and gyneth paltrow , not to mention countless tv movies of the week . this is the original and the best.barbara stanwyck is superb , as is burt lancaster . moody and dark and suspenseful . 
music neg 487.txt for fans , i suppose this would be a rather big delight ; for non-fans , it 's nothing that will turn you on to the band from jersey . they had some okay , cheesy hits in the ' 80s - but listening to some of their modern songs from this collection proves how completely out of touch they are nowadays 
software pos 326.txt this is the 3 copy version of norton av . ( one cd will create three copies ) i purchased it to save money as it was less than $20 per copy . i bought it to replace nav 2006 on the same three computers which had expired . installed easily on two machines . just the uninstall of 2006 and the install of 2007. the first machine was more difficult . there is evidently some conflicting software on the computer as i had to use msconfig for a " clean boot " per norton web site instructions . i kept running into the " blue screen of death " on the previous installs when i would get to the actual install of the norton av . each time i would have to uninstall the program and do more . but all of the help came from the symantec ( norton ) website . it is now working fine . added : my personal preference is to not use software firewalls . i use a router with nat as a hardware firewall . ( it only blocks unauthorized incoming malware ) software firewalls try to tell you about everything leaving your computer and generally you either become paranoid or just shut the thing off . they are intended to look for malware by behavior . antivirus programs look for malware by signature . the only advantage to finding malware by behavior is if the computer is attacked in the first day or two of the malware 's existence . if one has an antivirus program it will eventually ( within a few days ) find the problem that the software firewall was trying to tell someone about . ( assuming they have n't given up yet with too many cries for wolf ) . so the only software firewall i have ( microsoft os firewall ) is turned off and thus i have n't had the same problem as others report . as a practice i sent junk email directly to the trash can and avoid weird websites . so far no problems with malware . 
software neg 335.txt there is no excuse for norton not advising of the incompatibility of this antivirus software with popular firewalls such as zonealarm before installing the software , especially since previous versions have been compatible . once opened , returning the product can be a problem , perhaps that it what norton is counting on 
health pos 387.txt the first epilator that i used was the epi-lady with coils that came out in the 80's . i did not use this for long... . a tool of complete torture ! i finally got brave enough to give epilators a try again and got one from " veet " which has a single roller of tweezers but it did such a good job that i was completely hooked on using an epilator . good-bye razors and wax ! i figured that if a single roller did a good job that the conair which had two rollers would do even better . the conair does a good job and i 'm keeping it as my spare , but the epilator from veet actually does a better job . i no longer have any discomfort from the epilators and i even do my bikini area and underarms . i love the results on my underarms and the money saved on waxing . once you see and feel the results you will be completely won over . update : i 've had more time to use the conair epilator and now i 've actually been using it more than my " veet " . just give yourself time to adjust to this epilator and you will be very happy with it . as a matter of fact i am ordering one as a gift for one of my friends 
books pos 963.txt pojman does a superb job of illustrating many different approaches to ethics , providing examples of practical application of each . this helps the reader develop a critical mind , capable of reasoning his or her way through ethical dilemmas that we all face on a daily basis . pojman is not afraid to go for the jugular on approaches in which he finds serious flaws , such as cultural and ethical relativism . the reader will find that pojman does not adhere to one ethical theory in particular , but rather calls for reason and judgment , based on strong moral principles , in every situation . some situtations call for a utilitarian approach , some for a virtue-ethical approach . whatever approach he takes , however , will be based in thorough and sound reasoning . this book makes its readers want to be better people . 
camera neg 662.txt i received pandigital 7 " photo frame ( dpf70-2 ) as a christmas gift and have n't been able to get the sd card slot to function . when connecting to the pc via usb cable it tells me the removable device needs to be formatted . windows attempts to format the card and fails . i 'm able to format the card with a usb card reader and copy pictures to the sd card ok . when i insert the sd card into the photo frame is does n't display any of the pictures , just a blue frame around the picture location . i contacted pandigital tech support via 800# and never received a call back so i sent them an email . i received email response back after several days . they had me try several things to resolve the issue ; this troubleshooting process went on for more than week to no avail . they eventually acknowledged the photo frame appeared defective , when i asked to exchange the photo frame ( taking advantage of the 90 day warranty advertised on their site ) , they told me to return it to the store it was purchased . i do not consider this very good customer service ; i would not recommend this product . 
music neg 821.txt i had reviewed the first edition of b'day and i personally called it " business day " because beyonc could not offer what we could expect from her especially after the highly acclaimed dangerously in love . actually , in my opinion if ne-yo had not inserted irreplaceable " in this project , it could have been a bust . i agree dj-vu and beautiful liar were hits but i give the credit to the casting rather than the script . had these songs been given to india arie , god knows what was gonna happen ! how can she accept to put out such a poor album ? some said beyonc views releasing albums in quick succession as a means of ejecting herself from her contractual obligations to sony columbia and team up with jay-z to form a new record label.. . but this cannot justify such an inconsistent and poor album . ne-yo confessed that the r&b genre is suffering from serious malaise . " people just forgot what it was supposed to be , what it was supposed to feel like , the essence of what it is , " he says forcefully . " it 's a vibe , it 's a feeling - - it 's supposed to make you feel something , as opposed to , ` let me go eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh and put a beat behind it and see if people will dance to it . ' come on man . there 's more to it than that.. . " ring the alarm from b'day falls in the same category . i read a reviewer who proclaimed b'day to be the best he 's ever had and this is like saying george bush is the best president america has ever had.. . does this person know the beatles , stevie wonder or aretha franklin ? i suggest him to go back to the stores and get one of their albums and he will then be able to differentiate between music and marketing . i suggest the same reviewer to get albums called what 's going on ' ( marvin gaye ) , purple rain ( prince ) , the day ( babyface ) , or even the recent let 's get lifted ( john legend ) . it is very sad to see artists ( especially hip-hop ) concentrating on making hits , shooting sexy videos with the major target being going platinum and most of the time i find it better to buy the single and not the entire album since they all are full of fillers . what follows is that after a few months we completely trash their records . africa is the world 's second-largest and second most-populous continent with 900 million people . maybe if the same guys had a purchasing power which exceeds latino market , beyonc would be realising another edition in swahili which is the most widely spoken language in africa and she would be arguing she 's had a great love for african culture ever since she was a child pretending she 's coming back to the roots . anyway , let 's not be fooled by these music industry games , their aim is to make money and this entails ignoring the basic artistic aspects . i agree bootylicious beyonce is the hottest lady in the music scene at the moment and none has denied her natural talent as a singer but she needs to refine her albums and give us s.th that can reach our soul . there are some female artists who are making good music without injecting too much cash in marketing to force sales : corrine bailey rae and heather headley 
music neg 146.txt im not surprised that this album is garbage because fiddy has been putting out trash lately ( think tony gayo ) . there are no standout tracks and prodigy doesnt even rhyme anymore . all prodigy does is spit run-on sentences throughout every track and havoc sounds like he 's just there to be there . amerikaz nightmare was a sign that it was over for them . did we really have to hear this one to see that ? if you are a mobb deep fan buy every album before amerikaz nightmre and keep it moving 
camera neg 648.txt i received the lens adapter but there was no info on how to use it . it screws in over the regular zoom lens but offers absolutely nothing to the use of the kodak dx6490. i suspect there are additional filters or other accessories that might make the adapter useful and hope to find out what they may be in the near future . the lens adapter by itself , does n't seem to add anything to the use of the camera without something else ? ? ? ben boykin , las cruces , nm 8801 
books pos 921.txt roman , by roman polanski is a very good book . it is very touching about his memories of his late wife , sharon tate and their short life together . roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the manson group . he had a very hard life in poland during wwii . he lost both his parents during that time , but he grew up to be a world famous director . the book tells about his struggles during these times , and also during the period after the deaths of his wife and child . he tells about his hollywood days of directing , his famous friends , famous people and then what turned out to be his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him being arrested . to avoid persecution , roman left the united states and has been in exile in france ever since , but still directs and has released more movies . but , the book is very well told , and gives a good insite on roman 's life and his career 
music pos 760.txt bought this cd for my daughter , a new bill withers fan and she loved the whole collection ! it 's a great compilation of classic bill withers music 
books neg 876.txt i originally had to read this book for a history of rock and roll class at the university of cincinatti . i found the subject interesting , and the professor gave wonderful lectures . i had good expectations about this book going in , but those quickly soured as i read it . it seems correct , at least , about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock . not that such is a particularly daunting feet . however , it is rife with laughable fallacies . for instance , it calls david bowie , amongst other glam rock bands of the era , metal . it futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock , when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all , such as the carpenters . i really had a good laugh when they called bad religion hardcore . bad religion is about as hardcore as elvis is rap . further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book . i also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs . for instance , it claims ' thunder rolls ' by garth brooks is about domestic violence . its about infedility , not focusing on violence at all , but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on . the writing is also rather dry . many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence . it also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band 's successes or failures . after reading the book in completetion , i really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues ( 50s to 60s ) that i had thought were true . in the end , i felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything 
camera neg 197.txt the charger unit or the batteries ( or both ) do n't work right : i use the batteries one at a time , in rotation to power my zen mp3 player . sometimes i put discharged batteries in the charger , plug it in , the light blinks red , then goes off . only supposed to show either red ( discharged , charging ) or green ( fully charged . ) this morning 3 batteries show fully charged , i take one out , it is discharged . all these problems happened with a first unit , i returned it to monster and after they took their sweet time , got a replacement which works just as erratically . monster 's stuff looks good , but it is the last time i am going to buy their brand 
books neg 620.txt this book is trying too hard to emphasize in being funny . it is filled with mediocre ' funny ' patters that the readers are encouraged to use , but the quality of the actual magic effects demonstrated is poor . balancing two forks on the edge of a glass should not be considered magic . once you read a few samples , the reading becomes stifling , knowing that you are not going to learn anything new that other magic books cannot teach you . some areas are brighter : the photos are clear , and it blends magician bios and history within . but one can do better with other books around 
books pos 543.txt kurzweil opens with a very heartfelt recounting of his return to judaism and his personal path which led him to rabbi steinsaltz . from there the chapters fly by effortlessly , partitioned in small chapters of which each is it 's own midrash , giving each of us something to reflect upon and discuss . this is for everyone who wants to know more about not only steinsaltz , but the beauty and wisdom of the jewish faith 
camera neg 388.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
dvd neg 580.txt this woman may have a great body , but she cannot teach dancing for anything . in the 35 minute ' cardio dance ' portion , dance steps are taught frustratingly fast ( and this is from somebody that enjoys dancing ! ) . it took so long to figure out the steps- -which are not your ' typical ' exercise or step class steps- -that i shut the dvd off and jumped on the treadmill . the two 15 minute hip and thigh workouts are a little better , but you really need to do them both back-to-back to feel any benefits . i would say this is a good video for anybody thats got lots of patience to learn the moves and an alternate workout for the first few times you run the dvd , because you 'll get no benefit from the workout while trying to figure out what she 's doing . save your money ! 
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that . 
dvd pos 51.txt scrubs has been a model of consistency in its five seasons- -and to interrupt myself , why are n't we anticipating season five instead of season four ? and boo ! on them for being so slow to bring the show out on dvd ! - -and season four is no exception . i recently rewatched seasons 1 through 3 on dvd with my daughter and it really brought home just how great this series has been from the very beginning to the present . if you visit boards there are always prognosticators who declare that it is n't as good as it used to be , but i would be dishonest if i said that i detected any decline . one thing i 've really enjoyed is that unlike situation comedies , this one really does have an overall story arc , and i really appreciate bill lawrence and co. taking the time to reward fans of the show in this way . the story in season four revolves largely around the very , very gradual repair of the friendship between jd and elliott . fans of the show know that at the end of season three jd , utterly smitten by elliott , had expressed his love for her , causing her to break off her relationship with her boyfriend to be with jd . no sooner had he done this , however , he once again felt trapped and almost immediately broke things off with her . season four opens with her filled with hatred of him , complicated by the fact that she and he are named co-chief residents ( though there is wonderful confusion over the fact that the name plate on her door reads- -thanks to janitor- - " chief resident " and his misleadingly reads " co-chief resident , " causing many to imagine that she is over him ) . some of my favorite visuals in the series are of jd and elliott wedged into their ultra tiny office , barely large enough for the desk they face each other across . of course , eventually they patch things up , but for the first season have no kind of romantic entanglement . given the intensity of the events of the ends of season three , any sort of getting together would certainly have ended with elliott murdering jd . the season ends with carla and turk urging jd to move out and get a place of his own , which leads to an interesting roommate situation in season five . season four continued the scrubs tradition of having some very high profile guest stars . this was marred somewhat by having the absolutely dreadful colin farrell on one episode , an episode through which he drifted as if completely drunk or totally bored ( there have been very few bad episodes of scrubs , but this episode ranks near the bottom ) . the always delightful heather graham sparkled through several episodes earlier in the season . matthew perry stopped by for an episode less interesting for his presence than for his being teamed with his father , jonathan bennett perry , a country singer best known to most people as the old spice sailor . tara reid puts in another appearance as jd 's terrible sometimes girlfriend while molly shannon is in another episode . and julianna margulies of er appears in a couple of episodes . the great tragedy with scrubs is that it remains something of a secret . the only comedy better than scrubs in the past few years has been arrested development ( most fans of one show tend to be a fan of the other as well , and the lead of each show appeared on the other , zach braff as the producer of the girls with low self-esteem series of videos on ar and jason bateman as a patient on scrubs ) and while it won a large number of awards , its ratings were worse than scrubs . this show has decent ratings , but shockingly few awards . how terrible shows like everybody loves raymond and the formerly good but now dull will and grace beat it out for awards is mystifying . and how did it manage only one emmy nomination ? it was nominated for best comedy series , but why was n't zach braff nominated for best comic actor and john c . mcginley and donald faison for best supporting actor in a comedy series and sarah chalke for best supporting actress in a comedy series ? how is that possible ? much ink has been spilt on how the 2006 emmy nominations have made less sense than any in memory ( lauren graham yet again not nominated , though clearly the best comic actress on tv for at least five years and five vastly less talented women were nominated instead of her ; lost not nominated ; no nominations for veronica mars ; jason lee not nominated for my name is earl ; neither michael chiklis , hugh laurie , nor james gandolofini nominated for best actor , while martin sheen who was barely appeared in this year 's west wing ; while shows way , way , way , way past their prime like will and grace and the west wing nominated ; and the list goes on ) but zach braff 's failure to be nominated while charlie sheen and kevin james did is just one more reason not to take the emmys seriously at all . at least the golden globes more or else get it right . anyway , awards aside , and armed with the knowledge that the best shows are usually neglected by the emmys ( how many emmy nods did buffy get despite most of the nation 's best tv critics passionately begging each year for it to get the recognition it deserved ) , fans of the show will be delighted with season four and if you are n't a fan , you should be . but do n't start with season four . go back and do it right . either buy or rent ( i recommend buying- -you 'll want to watch this more than once ) season one , then work your way forward . many pleasurable hours will result 
software pos 379.txt works well most ( 95% ) of the time . slight improvement over v8 
books pos 915.txt this book has opened up a whole new world for me , my husband , and my son . what a great idea to link reading and play ! each night we choose a book to read and an activity to go along with it . i highly recommed read it ! play it ! with babies and toddlers to anyone who has a child 
dvd pos 35.txt great movie and the movie a family can set and enjoy and not worry about the next word or scene may hold 
books neg 824.txt i 'm very disappointed in this book , although some information in it is valuable , it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover . it is an excellent textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular basis and find ideas for what you need . although broken into sections , they are not readily found or visible . one must search the information needed as in a research assignment . the reproducibles are mainly for elementary grades . this was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it 's contents , on-line . although the price was reasonable , i 'm not pleased with the way the book is organized & amp ; printed 
music neg 342.txt i never could understand why the beatles are so popular ? they are pretty boring too just like pink floyd . each and every song on this album can put me to sleep in about 55 seconds . i just dont like it because it sucks ! dont listen to the moronic 5 star reviewers below . the beatles only made one good album and that 's the one which contains ballad of john and yoko , hey jude . 
software pos 26.txt extremely helpful and superior graphics and choices to change your computers them 
health neg 63.txt i am a 20 year user of several remington products , but i must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver . the remington es-1000 utra smooth bump control shaver was designed to replace the original ( bms ) black man 's shaver which was discountinued several years ago . i recently purchased and used the es-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance . the es-1000 performed so poorly that i had to use my bms that i had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the es-1000 shaver could not and did not remove . the product should be called " ultra poor with a sandpaper finish . " the product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet . for anyone with curly hair problems , you may want to consider comparing this product against the wahl 5-star series , model # 8061. i think you will find there is a major difference in the products 
camera pos 442.txt excellent quality / price / speed of delivery.. . works as expected.. . would definately buy again , from this vendor , if the need ever arose . 
dvd neg 352.txt i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$ 
health pos 507.txt this is the best reacher i have ever used . i am in a wheelchair due to ms and have used various types over the past 6 years but the quality and ease of use is much better with this . 
music neg 714.txt i like a little bit of it , doesent mean its good , i wont throw it away or anything , ill just let it sift...wait...and look at the album cover most of the time . slayer is getting better though 
dvd pos 104.txt i thought that this was adam sandler 's best movie he has made.that he played man who 's a slacker that he trys to impress his girlfriend by adopting a cute 5-year-old boy ( played by dylan & cole sprouse ) .i think of how the movie should 've ended real good is for sonny to have legal custody of jullian.i laugh out loud when i see this movie ! ! ! 
dvd neg 284.txt i was very disappointed with this show . having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd , now i feel cheated . the jokes are weak , his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing . jamie was crude , disgusting and even more disappointingly , not funny at all . he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it was n't his best performance . he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly . i do not recommend this dvd at all 
health pos 912.txt i started using this several months ago after seeing it chosen as the best by consumer 's report . within a few weeks , i could see measurable improvement in my skin . sure , not all the deep wrinkles went away , but enough of the smaller ones smoothed away so my 58-year-old skin looks younger . my skin feels so much smoother and looks fresh . i 've had a lot of sun exposure from living in australia , south texas and florida , so i 'm thrilled to find a cream that does such a good job . lots cheaper too than many skin creams 
dvd pos 73.txt if your a pacino fan this is for you one of his earlier films this deals with a lawyer not a crooked lawyer but a good mostly honest lawyer and all the things that a lawyer has goon through or could go through this is a instant classic and the story to the movie is excellent highly recomende 
books neg 461.txt very poor book , realy a waste of time . the review below said it all 
books pos 741.txt i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about . she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again 
music neg 660.txt this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan 's " blue " has been heard before as has prince 's " a case of you . " earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni 's hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics . 
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this 
health pos 286.txt this model was given to me as a gift almost two years ago . i bought another off of amazon because the recharge cord had a short in it , and i figured i could use a second one to keep in my travel bag . i 'd have to say i 'm pretty pleased with the trimmer . i like the fact that the guard slides up and down to the appropriate setting instead of me having to keep up with 4 or 5 individual plastic guards that have to be changed out when i want to change the trimming depth . i use it a few times a week , and it seems that it can go for months without needing a charge . the little vacuum that sucks the trimmings into the little holding area is not the strongest....it 's catches probably 70% of what i trim . you 'll want to be sure you 're standing over a sink or towel when using it . well worth the $30 i spent for this grooming tool 
software neg 900.txt this dictionary is not for the person who english is his second language . it does not have enough sentence examples to let you know how to use each entry word . in addtion , the micro does n't work well with ms word . 
camera neg 274.txt i have to say i am very disappointed with this camera . i had really high hopes for this one . i waited for the hd2 to come out and when i saw a lot of positive reviews i bought one , i should have waited . for sanyo to call this an hd camera does n't make sense . the picture has more grain and noise then my old high 8 camera . outdoors in bright light the camera is ok . low-light is horrible pros : - nice form factor , love the look and feel and it 's so tiny it fits in your pocket . very portable and something you can take anywhere . - secure digital cards are great , can transfer and edit on the computer quickly - still pictures are pretty good . although still digital cameras are better . - hdmi output can plug directly into your hdtv ( although if you are used to watching things in hd you will be disappointed ) cons : - indoor and low light situations very grainy , even with the high sensitivity button . - do n't attempt to take still shots while you are filming , it works but when you watch the film you hear loud noises and the shot pauses for 2 or 3 seconds and then continues . very cheesy . - you can hear the data being written to the secured digital card on the video which is annoying . i thought sd was supposed to minimize noise . - watching the playback of movement with this makes me dizzy , not even fast movement either . - image stabilization is not that great either compared to other cameras i have used . - audio sounds a bit tinny in my opinion this camera is geared for portability and being able to capture moments quickly as this is something you can always carry with you . if you are n't too concerned with quality picture it 's probably fine . i really think sanyo has a great concept and one day this could be the end all be all device . for now it should come with a warning of it 's limitations . i am not saying it 's total garbage , but if you have high hopes like i did , you will be disappointed . 
health neg 620.txt i love these bars , they are high in protien , and are good supplements , how ever the 3 boxes i got were all expired . beware of sale items on bars like this 
health pos 961.txt panasonic makes a great electric shaver , this is the second one for me in the last sixteen years 
software pos 266.txt i received micrsoft office 2003 in excellant condition . the box was sealed and in good condition . the 2003 office software is easy to use if you have used any of the previous versions . many new features make it worthwhile to upgrade 
books neg 714.txt i did n't have especailly high hopes for this book . i think there has been a gradual decline in the quality of hh books over the years , and this one brings it to a new low . basically , it 's waaaaaay too long . at 850 pages , it 's a monster read , and a slow one . that 's not always a bad thing - sometimes if you like the characters it 's nice to just hang out with your friends for page after page . but not here . why is it necessary to describe in detail the exact movements of a treecat using sign language ? for several paragraphs ? more than once ? why are we given pages of liturgy for religious services ? i think i 'd be in a very small minority when i confess that i quite like the 1662 prayer book , though i ca n't quite work out why it would be revived in the distant future when it 's been out of use here for decades ! maybe it was easy to cut and paste , and got the word count up . and then there 's the space combat - a strength of the series , especially the first three or four . but there 's the rub - there are only so many ways you can describe a spaceship blowing up . by the 11th book in the series i ca n't be the only person out there whose eyes are beginning to glaze over when we get to the battle sequences . but the big problem - spoiler alert ! - is the way in which weber solves the love triangle we left the last book with . honor loves hamish . emily loves hamish . hamish loves honor and emily . what to do ? it turns out that there 's an easy solution . after about 400 pages of agonising ( not to mention most of the previous book ) it seems that honor can marry them both . a bit outre ? seemingly not - apparently such arrangements fall well within the accepted norms of manticoran law and custom . ( although we 've never had a whiff of this before . ) but what really gets me is that the reason it did n't happen about halfway through the last book is that ( get this ) , gosh , no-one thought of it . it seems that no-one ever told mr weber that if you shoot someone with a gun in act v , the gun better have been hanging on the wall in act i . all-in-all , i can only say , please mr weber . it is time to bring the series to an end . please do it soon 
camera pos 112.txt my sony dscw100 camera is small but very functional and user friendly , it makes photography an easy and interesting hobby . 
books pos 344.txt when i was a senior in high school i decided to take correspondence courses instead of attending a regular school . this was the text used for my creative writing class . i absolutely loved it and have been trying to snag a copy of it ever since . this book is great at giving you ideas for how to make up your own work of fiction even if you never tried before . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing where their imagination can take them 
health pos 967.txt when i get a sinus infection , it stays and builds much congestion . rx and over-the-counter has limited value . one event that led to my first ( i am 69 ) severe asthma event , which messed up my immune system and led to my first angina events which the brought open heart surgury . neilmed pre-mixed packets sound like the " minor leagues " compared to the above . when a thorough cleansing is needed to make the sinus areas hostile to infection , these little packets take the mess out of measuring your own salt and soda ( i.e. to make a mistake is painful even with the right salt ) . then there is a $15 price in local stores for 100 packets , or about the same on-line for 200. also a quick response from the vendor . 
health pos 570.txt adds a great fragrance to the room . we bought several different scents and placed them throughout the house . it 's a different smell in every room . what a pleasant change from smelling the pets . 
music neg 710.txt i have followed bruce hornsby for over 20 years and own every album he has ever come out with including two concert dvds . i was reluctant to buy intersections due to owning all the other , but if you have been to hornsby concert you know that he always keeos things fresh..no exception here . i loved the dvd of some of his performances . there are treasures here , imagine , solo on the piano at an awards show , the star spangled banner at the world series with marsalis , and his performance with bb king.it is a must for the hard core hornsby fan 
music neg 909.txt this album is not what i call a album first 4 trackz are the tightest with the tightest beats . best track on here is & quot ; i practice looking hard&quot ; probably one of the best trackz he eva made in his whole career i love that song but otha than that & quot ; captain save a hoe&quot ; and & quot ; mail man&quot ; are a discrace . he shouldnt have even made this cd until he got more track 
books pos 815.txt this was a required text for one of my graduate courses and i did n't expect to enjoy it much . it was n't far into the book that i began to resonate with some of the struggles for racial harmony articulated by perkins and rice . in chapter 1 , spencer perkins states emphatically , " the civil rights movement has run its course , and we 've gotten just about all you can expect to get from a political movement . " i , a white guy , took offense at the thought that someone would declare the struggle for civil rights obsolete . his point is well made through the development of this and subsequent chapters . the move toward reconciliation must move from race to grace . regardless of your religious affiliations , if you are engaged in civil rights causes or racial reconciliation you would be remiss to neglect this ground-breaking tome . pax erik 
camera neg 151.txt the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come ! 
health neg 913.txt this is the worst waste of money i have ever had . the only good thing about this mirror is the suction cups . 3x magnification ? ? ? more like 9x ! ! ! you have to have your face right on the mirror or it looks like you are standing by one of those funny distorted amusment park mirrors . my suggestion would be not to waste your money on it . its a joke 
dvd neg 154.txt " modigliani " ( 2004 ) is a self-indulgent , pretentious and largely fictional portrait of a tragic artist . writer-director mick davis goes overboard on the symbolism while revealing precious little about the man and his work . ironically , the viewer has a better understanding of pablo picasso than amedeo modigliani . despite his boundless enthusiasm , andy garcia is simply too old for the title role . an irritating fiasco that deserved its straight-to-video fate 
health pos 664.txt the foot massager is great . it 's open design allows it to be used on the legs as well as the feet unlike others that are boot like . the massager adjusts to your size legs and feet automatically for a snug fit . the massager is adjustable to almost any configuartion with tilt , raise / lower and etc. the only problem with this device is that it can become top heavy as a result of the adjustability of it . so keeping it upright can be a bit challenging . but for the price and quality this is a great relief on the feet and legs as well as wallet 
health pos 323.txt these never leak and are good enough to wear over night . this is the only diaper i buy 
books neg 782.txt let me start by saying that normally i 'm a big popcorn fan . i read any article that she 's quoted in . i 've read " the popcorn report " at least twice and loved it . the same for " clicking . " great book . they 're part of my permanent library . so i was more than disappointed after the first few chapters of eveolution . i hung in there as long as i could , but the male bashing that pervades the early part of the book overwhelmed whatever golden nuggets were in its way . i just could n't tolerate reading any more . perhaps her comments about or against men are warranted in some people 's view , but i did n't see how they fit in with the intent of the book . the comments seemed gratuitous and unnecessary . so hopefully her next book will be better . 
health pos 451.txt i have been using this line of products since they were marketed . my plastic surgeon ( not used for facial needs ) keeeps remarking on my skin and has to remind himself that i am 61 ! 
software pos 240.txt a good choice for newbies that love adventure games . nancy drew 's games are perfect , fresh , relaxing , but also give you a lot of thinking some times 
dvd pos 438.txt " domestic disturbance " is a thriller about a divorced couple and their child . frank ( john travolta ) has to deal with a man marrying his ex-wife susan . the guy ( vince vaughn ) is well liked by the community , but there are hints of something being amiss with him . frank 's son claims he witnesses his mother 's new husband rick commit murder . the more frank investigates rick , the more suspicious he looks . the investigation spurs a game of cat and mouse . there is great interaction between travolta as a concerned parent and vaughn the cold heartless type . the tension between them breeds suspense . the would-be new father uses his craftiness to manipulate those around him . there are few things he would n't do to get his way . " domestic disturbance " is entertaining with its high-tension suspense and great action . i highly recommend it for those who enjoy a thriller that will keep you guessing to the last minutes . 
dvd neg 354.txt i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd . i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york . she could n't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop , jazz , or traditional musical theatre sound . her voice was all over the place . furthermore , i found her character very annoying...she was screechy and not at all vunerable . i preferred kathryn grayson 's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable , witty , and charming , as well as screechy , demanding , and somewhat tyrannical . truly , i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together . i think that was the most powerful statement for me . the production was acted ( or directed ) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top . can today 's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves ? everything need not be a commentary ! i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible . rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used . it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth 
health pos 351.txt this is the one i buy for friends and the one they use at my pediatricians office . it is like the one i bought 5 years ago with my first baby , the one that is still humming along . i have been really happy with our thermometer with the exception that it was-and-is still too big to use with my second child , a boy who persists in having ' tiny ' ear canals even though he is three now . it has worked well for every other kid i know though . about the variation in temperature taking . my advice is to practice taking your and your children 's temperature while you and they are healthy . for one thing , not everyone has the ` standard ' 98.6 degree normal temperature ; and for another thing it is n't always easy to get the tip pointed in the right direction once it is in the ear canal . it takes practice . a good home purchase . ( for really little babies we used a pacifier thermometer with great success . 
dvd neg 865.txt ...but the movie was just plain stupid . do n't waste your time 
dvd neg 519.txt i love me some mamet . his dialogue takes some getting used to , since it is crafted so as to touch on the edges of realism while inhabiting a more stylistic realm . i also love his dedication to his actors , employing the same ones over and over , so that his movies come off as different shows performed by the same theatrical troupe , which may very well be his point . however , edmond is the first mamet film to leave me disappointed and , worse , annoyed . macy plays edmond with typical wide-eyed aplomb . edmond is a man who is weak , but is valiantly ( if not clumsily ) trying to be strong . the movie starts with a chance encounter with a fortune teller whose tarot card reading provides a cinematic outline for the remainder of the film . edmond then goes home , breaks up with his wife , and goes on a deaf , dumb , and blind search for himself , finding instead over-priced whores , pimps who are not-what-they-seem , and - - generally - - everything but himself . i get the point : edmond is the epitome of modern man 's emasculation , unable to find his own balls with both hands , and his tawdry and panicked search through new york for some unnameable salvation is an example of the lengths anyone must go ( man or woman ) to find , if not redemption , then the places where one " belongs . " there are a lot of problems here . most superficially , there 's one of packaging . the dvd box prominently features a picture of a gun , and no gun appears in the film . the tags on the box call the film , alternately , a mystery and a fast-paced thriller , when it is neither one of those things . not even close . this movie is ( like most of mamet 's work ) based on a play ; never before has it been more obvious ( unless you count the absolutely brilliant oleanna ) . edmond is , essentially , a one-man show , with macy delivering numbing and rambling monologues , stopped only occasionally to engage in awkward and almost meaningless side action with ancillary characters ( some of them played well - - denise richards actually shines in her brief scene as a hooker - - and some of them not so well - - julia stiles seems over-medicated in her role as an ambivalent and easily persuaded waitress ) . in spite of how they do and do n't help edmond make his way through the tunnel of decadence and misery he creates for himself , most of these characters seem disposable , making the movie come across as equally dismissable . ( i would also like to take a moment here to make a small observation about rebecca pidgeon , mamet 's wife , an actress who appears , i think , in every single one of her husband 's films : this woman is , viewed in even the nicest of lights , one of the worst actresses i 've ever seen , and she sucks the life out of every scene she 's in . in this movie she plays edmond 's wife , and does so with heartless and uninspired vehemence . it 's nice that mamet gives his wife the opportunities he does , but one has to wonder if she 'd ever get any acting work at all if she were n't married to such a famous writer / director ) . at the risk of spoiling the film , i will say that , at the end , edmond finally does find where he " belongs , " a place that , given his previous struggles , makes a lot of sense ( although the manner in which he finds this belonging might offend more than a few viewers ) . but this is small consolation since , by this time , few people are likely to have any sympathy for edmond or where he ends up . his character 's slap-dash personality combined with the persistent and mostly meaningless monologues on fate , fear , destiny and ( ironically ) meaning make for a benumbing and distasteful cinematic experience . a few good performances and some nice , visceral cinematography do not save this film from its plot and the dialogue that fails to move that plot along . avoid this flick ; try oleanna or glen gary glenross instead . 
music neg 901.txt i 've owned this cd , but did n't keep it for very long because it 's too poppy and slick for my tastes . i guess when about 1981 came around billy just wanted to distance himself from the brilliance of his 70 's style , and on this offering , he kind of wanted a 50 's or 60 's kind of sound . this stuff is just to slick for this hombre . he never made a solid album , after the release of glass houses , in about 1980. this is the kind of stuff that yuppies rave about , but if you 've got some integrity , you 'll probably want to steer clear of this one , and buy anything he recorded in the 70 's 
dvd pos 41.txt brando can sing ! ! guys and dolls is proof . one of the all time great musicals and the biggest box office hit of 1955 , has brando as the main lead and he is ably supported by the voice - sinatra . now only a mad man will say that brando is a better singer than sinatra , but to give brando his due he sang well and carried of the role brilliantly...like wise only a mad man will say sinatra is a better actor than brando . guys and dolls is a very important film in brando 's career . it is the first light hearted movie he made . all his movies before this were heavy dramatic stuff . this is the first movie where brando is having fun and what fun it was . great songs , great acting and great stars...guys and dolls is 4 star entertainment all the way . brando and simmons along with sinatra and blaine are amazing . 
health pos 608.txt b&b styling creme is absolutely the greatest hair product i have ever used . thanks for making it available on line 
camera pos 81.txt this is a great camera that takes the place of an earlier canon digital elph that i lost several years ago . the 7.1 megapixels ensures great quality and the 3x zoom provides crisp clear pictures . in fact the digital zoom also works great - just make sure the camera is steady ( i purchased a nice compact monopod and the results were awesome ) . although the image stabilization feature on the newer models would have been great to have , you ca n't beat the price and overall quality of this camera and the pictures it takes . the canon sd500 is a great little camera 
music neg 776.txt i do n't even own this cd , and after seeing the reviews i do n't want it . 90% of the " 5 star " reviews are people with only one review . suspicious ? ? look for yourself , it 's right there to see . i have some other meditation cds that are very repetitive , i 'm not going to make the same mistake here , especially with such shameless self-promotion 
books neg 193.txt temperance brennan is an american forensic anthropologist .the author is a anthropologist in real life and i feel she gave to much detail as to body parts & conditions , & locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about " gabby " including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of gabbys place & how gabby and tempe were friends from grad to man parts in life . book was not for me i dropped it at the 3rd chapter . 
camera pos 792.txt upgrading to the tz3 from a 4yr old canon 3.2 megapixel . waited a few months to purchase when i heard the tz1 was being updated . with the tz3 , panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the tz1 which were : no build in lens cover , noisy images at higher iso speeds . imo , the build in lens cover alone is wirth the price permium over the tz1. as others have said , this camera has a great build quality , easy operation , and a high-quality look . i ordered the black model and was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box . it has the look of a retro 35mm cartridge camera , which is cool . the chrome ( or polished stainless steel , cant tell ) , is first rate and looks great with the matte black case . the lcd is huge and bright . the camera 's " simple mode " does a great job the the other modes are fully customizable . the zoom is fantastic , but you need a really steady hand at full zoom , even with optical stabilization turned on . i did take some surprisingly sharp shots zoomed way in from my car as i came across a herd of deer . shot to shot speed is really great , unless you are using the flash . the red-eye reduction works better than any other digital camera i have used . overall , i am extremely pleased . if you are looking for a great zoom camera in a small form factor , you should seriously consider the dmc-tz3 
software neg 872.txt i have used intuit products since 1992 , and was quite satisfied until 4 years ago when intuit began installing hidden software on users ' computers in an attempt to " stop piracy " , which caused numerous problems for us honest users who paid for the program . secondly and even more significantly , i began noticing an apparent shift in intuit 's philosophy toward it 's customers : cut back on customer support , and attempt to exploit them at every possible opportunity in order to make more money . in short , intuit disrespects their customers . as a loyal paying customer , i will not be disrespected or taken for granted . their level of service and support has declined . their products constantly pimp you to spend more money on intuit as you try to use their programs . that is why i have sworn off intuit products when there is an alternative . why reward someone who treats you badly ? 
books pos 162.txt so many books on the market about pregnancy focus on the medical aspect of what is growing in your wife 's little belly , and not how that little thing is changing your wife and life forever ! this book describes to a ' t ' how this life changing event reeks havoc on everyone involved in the process , and it does it in a way that is bust-a-gut funny . before i read this book , i was like " what the heck is wrong with my wife ? " after reading this book , i was more like " ohhh , i know why she just ripped my head off.. . she hates the smell of carrots ! " great book , fast and fun read , a must read for a new dad . i 've bought it for every father to be , and they in turn have done the same . 
dvd pos 917.txt excellent presentation and goes into detail , much of which may be unknown to the viewer . one minor criticism : the participants let stanley lord of the californian off much too easily 
software neg 60.txt this is microsoft 's most stable os yet , but ridiculously over - priced . i 'll admit , i 'm no fan of microsoft , but i 've very few problems with my desktop once i upgraded from windows me 
dvd pos 428.txt i liked very much these series . you will enjoy every momets in this moives . it is deserve a place in my collection 
dvd pos 411.txt crackerjack courtroom trial drama based on a true story of three australian soldiers in the boer war accused of killing prisoners and a dutch minister . the british command is obviously using the three as scapegoats to convince the germans , who seem eager to join the war on the side of the boers , to stay out . the men claim they were only following orders , orders which went against " normal " military practice . this is a new type of warfare : the boers fought as guerrillas , not in uniform , not by " the rules . " the australians on trial felt they were engaging them on those terms . the morality of war itself , therefore , is just as much on trial as these men . they all lose in the end . the trial scenes are well paced , and the use of flashback creates just the right amount of tension . also there are enough shady gray areas to keep the proceedings interesting . well worth a watch 
dvd pos 535.txt loved them all ... found victoria & amp ; albert and lorna doone a bit lacking . wondered about having more of the scarlet pimpernel offered - he 's so smooth ! tom jones is very special - loved sophie 's father , he truly made the film . as much as i liked him - hated lizzie 's mother in p & amp ; p - what a ninny ! this is a great collection , would have liked to see vanity fair and persuasion offered also 
health neg 193.txt i used this cream for three weeks , two times a day and it did make some part of my circles lighter - from brown it went to pink . but i skipped one day and it all went back . you pretty much have to be tied to it and keep using it two times a day 
software pos 312.txt i have used wordperfect and quattro almost from their inception , so i have seen both of them improve over many years . those years of practise have resulted in wordperfect office x3 , a really outstanding product . because many other organizations and people that i work with use ms word and ms excel , in the past i have had no choice but to grudingly use them in response . now , however , wordperfect and quatropro can translate word and excel , incoming and outgoing . therefore , i no longer have to maintain two office programs . many years of using wp office have probably prejudiced me , but i find it more user friendly than ms office ; however , the biggest difference is that corel is responsive and helpful whereas ms is almost impossible to deal with 
music pos 839.txt their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n't have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert " fonksta " bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their " gangsta conversation " album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review 
books neg 776.txt myths are important , but they should not be labeled history . 1. george washington was not a great guerilla leader ; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines- -just like the redcoats . washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops . 2. ronald reagan did not begin the nuclear " disarming " of the soviet union . eisenhower and kennedy tried , but ( lbj ? ) nixon and carter were able to bring the abm treaty , the salt treaties and he start treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals . reagan did have success with theater wrapons in europe , but the " big nukes " that could end civilization were already being cut back . this is an interesting book about reagan and peggy noonan , but some of the history cited is wrong 
health neg 830.txt if you 're interested in the chrome model to match your stainless steel appliances be prepared to constantly polish it due to the water spots . my friend owns one and at first i was envious , but now i rather be less fashionable than freak out over the visible water spots . this model has the same shape as the riviera and as i stated in my other review althought it is ergonomic , the riviera collects algae on the bottom of the pitcher so i would be skeptical in buying this one . the only reason i gave it two stars because it ultimately looks cool but you ca n't avoid the water spots and it may be algae friendly . 
dvd pos 975.txt much of the plot has been outlined above , as well as the cast and i am , in large part , in complete agreement with the positive reveiws recorded . i want to add that , for anyone raised on the old universal horror pictures , or the films directed by james whale or val lewton , where the suspense is the important part of the film ; this picture , shadows and fog , has this quality absolutely dripping from every frame ! despite the comedic elements ( and there are many funny things happening ) the tension rises perceptibly throughout the narrative . the climax is dissapointing for many , but if you follow the subtext of this extremely philosophical script it is nearly a perfect resolution in all ways . i have had philosophy students who were struggling with concepts of 19th and 20th century writers watch this movie and instantly gain insight into the point of the often times obtuse & oblique writings of hegel , kant and the like . i beleive that the unpopularity of the this film is based on people thinking that they were about to see bananas or sleeper . love him or hate him , you have to admit , woody allen is deep . a personal favorite film of mine , but definetly not everybodies cup of philosophicallly comedic tea 
camera pos 656.txt i stumbled across this little gem by accident . i was picking up supplies at office depot and they had a kodak z650 ( display model ) on sale for under $100. it was a ridiculous impulse buy- -i already own 4 digital cameras ... the last thing i needed was another camera ! but what a delighful suprise this camera turned out to be ! it 's come the closest to rivaling the image quality of my old olympus c-740. i had never seriously looked at kodak cameras ... i always steered clear of them based on bad press and negative comments about them from my friends who are " serious " photographers . but i could n't be happier with this little bargain ... it basically serves the need i wanted to fill - - a 6mp camera that takes the kind of quality shots i was used to with my c-740. there are a few negatives in that it can be a little slow in processing the shots , but there is very little shutter-lag when taking the shots . i 've gotten some amazing birds-in-flight shots with it- -something i 've never been able to accomplish with any of my other cameras , including the c-740. some low-contrast shots come out a bit noisy , but for the most part the shots are very crisp and sharp . it handles low-light settings better than any of the others in this class that i 've tried . at less than a third of the price of my canon s2-is , this little camera outclasses the others by a mile . i stumbled on to a good find in the z650 ... it 's not going to give you dlsr quality photos , but no point-and-shoot will . this camera is perfect for any one who likes to take great outdoor and wildlife shots . i just wish someone would have given a good report on kodak cameras before i spent a small fortune on the others 
health neg 643.txt it lasted one year and two weeks , then the motor died . while it worked it was great . i am tempted to buy a replacement , but will probably end up trying another brand . the manufacturer is probably banking on people buying several , because when they do work they do a great job 
music neg 439.txt i bought this cd after having seen ken burns ' special on pbs . the energy that came through on screen in the benny goodman segments does n't really come through in this cd . artie shaw said that benny goodman was too much of a perfectionist to take risks and so his music languished in predictability . that shows in this collection . afterall , where would jazz be if jazz musicians did n't take risks 
dvd neg 522.txt this is about other people talking about richard pryor with a fe clips of pryor 
camera neg 135.txt ok , i imagine if you forked over the $900 for this baby you would not want me telling you that you got a bad deal , but i am going to say it anyway . this little baby is way over priced , not to mention you need a lot more than just this to make it work . you need a wireless router ! ! so rather than just complain , let me tell you what i want canon to do about it and maybe we can start a revolution ! with cf cards in the 12gb range it does n't make sense that you would need this for capacity reasons ( i know those of you with the biggest and brightes 16mp that shoot in jpeg & raw on the highest settings just laughed at me ) , however where this item is worth it is if you want to immediately see your shots on a big screen or computer without having to take the shot , take out the card , etc. what i want is a bluetooth compact flash card . they make these so i know it is possible . i would like canon to offer support for these compact flash cards so that i can immediately sync my bluetooth computer with my bluetooth camera . now that would make it so that when i am in the studio or shooting a wedding , i have the mobility 30 feet - 90 feet depending on card and i do n't have to drag along a wireless router and i saved myself $700. get to it canon - i am waiting ! ! ! 
software neg 607.txt the program does a great job in figuring my taxes . but now intuit is charging for filing and the state program . also i was unable to download the updates over my dial-up connection . i called to have a cd version mailed to me but so far i have n't received it . i 'm trying tax act this year . it is a free program and has free filing . if i can complete the turbotax version i will see if i can duplicate my return using tax act. if so then good bye turbotax 
software pos 980.txt **things i liked about the program it supports importing ojb files , that i make in different modeling programs the walking path editor works not too bad for simulated walking and the rigs have good looking emontions when you moves there face features **what i found to be not so good the tabs such as the library and keyframe bar are kind of hidden on the side because of his small they are . i find the slection tool in the hair room to be alittle bit annoying when trying to grow dynamic hair groups . i most of the time end up growing hair on too many facets . the control points are too senative , they end up twisting the body in un-natrual forms . the rendering takes a very long , and the rendering shader doesent always save my settings . i end up transporting the animation to another program to render faster . some of the cloths i cant set them up to be childern to the body parts so they end up not being connected to anything . i 'm sure there more on my mind by i dont have much time to write up an review . just keep in mind 3d animation isnt perfectly easy . a good modeling programs to make obj files will go a long way . 
music pos 34.txt i picked this up in a bootleg store in korea a few years back , since it was cheap , and i had loved the movie ( perhaps more so than any other of mallicks 's others , even - speaking of which , if you get a chance to see badlands on the big screen , do yourself a huge favour and do so ) . as i recall , i did n't really enjoy it on first listen . but then , somehow , i got sucked in . almost as much as the film itself , this is a hypnotic , haunting slice of poetry . nothing happens for about a minute , and then it builds and builds . unforgettable , otherwordly and quite beguiling . the structure of the soundtrack ( especially the songs toward the end featuring polynesian gospel-style singing ) is strongly reminiscent of the mike oldfield cd , ' songs of distant earth' . highly recommended , but do give it a couple of listens , because it might take a while to make its charms felt 
health pos 646.txt i purchased this dryer to replace an older one that is far too loud . while this new one is much quieter than the old one , it really is n't super-quiet . still , i have no complaints on the noise , but the flimsy wall mounting hardware is another story . the threaded holes in the mounting plate are extremely fragile , so much so that they both were wrung out during the initial mounting of the dryer . it did n't help any that the mounting holes were extremely hard to locate once the plate was mounted - it 's hard to see thru that white plastic shell . i ended up having to discard the original threaded screws and use two slightly larger metal tapping screws to mount the dryer to the bracket . this worked fine , but the original mounting hardware is n't very well designed in my opinion . other than that the dryer seems to work very well , although i have n't had it long enough to know how well it will last . all in all , i 'd give the dryer 4 stars out of 5 
music neg 60.txt i have not heard of or listened to , this cd series , but from the sound of it , its all bad interpretations of popular music . i just want to say that if you want your kids to listen to music and you want to steer clear of the bad stuff.. . play classical music . play stuff without lyrics . play a show on tv where the characters sing . do anything but , buy a cd where people that are n't the original artists sing songs that were never intended to be for kids in the first place . censoring a song or cutting lyrics tends to ruin that song . there are just some songs that are n't good for kids even if you cut out all the bad words . think about this.. . do you really want your kids coming up to you later in their life after hearing the real version of a song and asking you why the song they heard as a kid is so different from the one they just heard on the radio and then having to explain to them that the song they heard as a kid was a clean version of the song ? listen.. . i 'm all for trying to keep your kids away from inappropriate stuff for as long as possible , but cds like this are not the way to go . all they do is make kids think that all music is going to sound just like the music on the cds and when they finally hear the real stuff , they 're gonna be asking questions . do them and yourself a favor and do n't buy these cds 
music neg 883.txt this album had two good songs at the most . ralph was good with new edition . it 's apparently obvious that he ca n't stand alone . bobby should have been the lead for new edition . then we may never have seen this terrible album . ralph is n't that good of a singer . this shows that just because your the lead singer in a group does n't mean you are the best . ralph is miles behind bobby 
health neg 290.txt i am a big fan of the regular clic reading glasses . i own several pairs and think they are great . however , the sport goggles do not get my vote of confidence . they have three problems which make them unusable for me : 1 ) on all clic products there is an all important stem adjustment that adjusts the length of the stems to properly fit the glasses onto your head . however , unlike the very cool regular reading glasses by clic , the sport googles do not adjust properly and so the goggles run very tight if you need even a slightly above average stem legnth , 2 ) there is also extra foam padding on the sport googles that make them very snug , but because of the tight stems the foam padding makes these glasses far too tight to enjoy and 3 ) the maker does n't make it as clear as they should in their description ... the irridium ( red ) colored lens on some of the sports goggles are far too intensely tinted and dark for any kind of regular light conditions or applications like morning driving ... or even safe walking on a rocky path . sorry clic , but your success with the reading glasses went to your head ... you needed to do more user testing for comfort and vision with the sports goggles . i would like to return them for a larger size and lighter colored lens ... too bad for me ! 
health pos 16.txt just wanted to note that my delicious bars arrived melted as noted by another reviewer . i ended up placing in the fridge , and then taking out before eating . turns out , i did n't find them that great directly from the fridge . also , they just did n't taste as fresh as the ones i buy individually from wal-mart . i could n't tell if that was because they had melted , or just were n't as fresh to start with 
health pos 682.txt i bought this bag for my husband as a surprise ( as i had bought another brand , and he did not like the asian floral print ) . it 's very roomy , looks great , fits ergonomically . i really love the pocket design and the space that they have , as well as the interior design . fits things better than my own bag ! my husband loves it and ca n't wait to use it ! plus that , this is the best price i 've seen online , and of course , amazon ships quickly and accurately 
dvd pos 1.txt the story of " alice in wonderland " was controversial from the moment that the reverend charles lutwidge dodgson , aka lewis carroll , wrote it . some took the story as horror rather than a childhood fantasy . others consider alice 's journey as a trip into or through insanity . for better or worse , disney did capture many of these elements , and the same criticisms of the books that form the basis of this film apply to the film . however , there are also those who loved the books and loved the film . normally i recommend disney classis without reservations . in the case of this movie , i will keep a couple of provisos . alice is a young girl bored by her lessons . as the length of the lessons grows , alice soon drifts off , until a white rabbit passes by , muttering to himself that he is late . alice follows the white rabbit and falls into a rabbit hole that seems to fall forever . luckily for alice her dress opens out into a kind of parachute and slows her descent . once at the bottom of the hole , alice discovers a door into which she is unable to pass because the door is too small . however , there is a vial labeled " drink me " that alice discovers makes her small enough to go through the door . alice is soon on her way into a series of surreal adventures that are in the best tradition of adult animation . indeed , alice might have worked better as an adult story given the number of references to adult vices and frailties throughout the film . even the fundamental basis of alice 's journey through wonderland owes as much to psychological references as it does childhood fantasies . the ending of alice 's journey in particular is quite frightening , especially to younger children , embodying all that can be horrible in nightmares . i remember seeing " alice in wonderland " as a child , and i remember i thought the ending was scary , and i was relieved when alice was able to escape back to the normal world . given that this film is well over fifty years old , i was disturbed by the smoking caterpillar , if for no other reason than our current knowledge of what smoking does . the smoke did negatively affect alice as it made her cough . perhaps there is an object lesson for children here . while some consider many of the references to allude to drugs , i think that is a modern interpretation . i think eating or drinking items to get larger or smaller was merely a convenient plot device for the author rather than an allegory for drug use . remember that this story was first published in 1869. i believe this film is excessively criticized by those who do not like its style and the post-era associations with negative elements that were never intended by the original author and by disney . for all these provisos , this film is excellent . it matches " fantasia " in its surreal visions , and the construct and tying together of the individual stories is superb . the animation is marvelous as well , readily illustrating the vision of alice 's journey . this movie is one of those rare disney films that i am unable to recommend to all viewers . whether you will enjoy this film is strictly a matter of personal taste . if you enjoy animation oriented toward adults , then you may find this animation a treat . if you are open-minded about the story and consider when the story was written and animated , you may also find that you enjoy it . i do recommend this movie for slightly older children , perhaps 8 and above , considering some of the disturbing images . good luck ! 
software neg 549.txt i tried to use this program to file a very simple return , and it calculated that i owed the state $550 for underpayment , as well as a $230 penalty for late payment . i tried working through the program several times to find the error . i found that the program was automatically checking boxes that i had n't checked ! i have no idea if that was the cause of the underpayment problem , which i was not able to resolve . in frustration , i went to [...] and filed my return easily within an hour , with a $140 return from the state rather than a $780 penalty 
books neg 331.txt the plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many . why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case , when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is ? we know where the precious document is : another useless quest . people are murdered by the half dozen , the characters are outrageous , most of the time improbable , and i felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid , not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it . i have read much better books than that . sorry. . 
camera pos 542.txt i had this camera for 6 months and so far there have been no problems . the only flaw is that it dosent have a long battery time . it takes good pictures and short videos 
camera neg 332.txt not worth the $10 i paid especially when i had to spend $7 to ship it ! ! 
camera neg 156.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
music pos 79.txt i got what i wanted in the time frame promised...the way it 's supposed to work 
health pos 475.txt this is a great sized foot bath . i pour hot water in it , sit back and relax . it does n't keep the water warm , but if i start off with really hot water it stays warm until i 'm ready to get out . using the pedicure attachements is hard work though - i just assume use a hand-held brush . the bubble feature is too loud to use while watching tv . still , for the price , i like this foot bath . i 've even given it as a gift 
health neg 434.txt had to return this b / p cuff . could not get it to work properly . medical devices need to be made a great deal better than this one. . 
software pos 308.txt i had read a lot of reviews ( here and elsewhere ) warning of final cut 's massive learning curve , and i do believe that helped soften the blow when i first tried this program . because there definitely is a learning curve- -this is far more complex than imovie . but , the good news is , it 's not beyond the newbie 's reach ! i 'm such a newbie with anything video , it 's pitiful . i have only made two or three small movies in imovie , and they were n't very sophisticated . i mostly just tinkered around . but , being the fool that i am , i decided that i wanted to get final cut express to go along with the new camcorder i had just purchased . because i was prepared to have to re-learn ( or struggle ) at first with final cut , i had purchased a book ( for version 2 of fce , which was perfectly suitable ) . armed with my book and limited expectations , i set about trying to make a fun little " music video " ( using video clips and still pictures ) . amazingly enough , i learned how to do the " ken burns effect " with the pictures , make transitions from one clip to the next , edit the sound so that one track would predominate for part of the video , then fade out for other parts . and i was able to fix the video clips ( zoom in , lighten , change aspect ratio ) . and then i added titles with livetext . all this in the first two days of using final cut ! sure , the little video i made was no award-winner , but it was actually a servicable , fun little project that i was n't too ashamed to show my friends . ( another thing about fixing the aspect ratio of one of the video clips- -there was this one clip that seemed resistent to any tweaking or adjusting that i tried with it . i had used multiple programs to try to resize it to the correct dimensions , but something always went wrong . either the picture quality degraded terribly , or else the corrected dimensions did n't " stick " and it bounced back to being distorted . nothing worked- -until final cut . i 'm sure that other programs could have done the same thing , but i tried so many , and failed . so that was another thing that impressed me ! ) i know there 's a whole lot more to learn about final cut , and i certainly do n't anticipate that i 'll become a master at it . but it does offer *a lot* more flexibility than imovie , and it is definitely a lot of fun . the right way to approach it is , i believe , to start small , expect baby steps at first , have fun , and get a book ! a book is absolutely essential . if you are an impatient soul who expects perfection the first day , this is not the application for you . because you learn to " do it manually , " you have much more control- -but it takes time to learn it all . oh , a note about hardware : i made my first little video on a 1.25 ghz g4 mac mini with 512 megs of ram . it was n't a speed demon by any means , but because my video was short ( about 2 minutes ) , it really was n't too painfully slow most of the time ( except for rendering , but i guess that was going to be slow anyway ) . i have since upgraded the mini to 1 gb of ram , and *everything* is snappier , so i highly recommend it . but it 's good to know that even a little mac mini with less-than-impressive ram can work in fce . 
dvd pos 470.txt we love underdogs ! here is a plain girl who finds happiness . there is alot more to this character than she is given credit for . we 've watched it about 20 times in the past 5 yrs . if you like " ugly betty " or any sort of cinderella type stories - this one is for you . it is an australian movie . 
camera pos 949.txt for $14.00 , you should get this sleek little package to protect your camera and battery / accessories . if you 've ever accidentally dropped an expensive camera , you know just what i 'm talking about . it 's nice looking as well 
dvd neg 206.txt i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of " meet john doe " . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [... 
health pos 632.txt after 6 months of unexplained intense fatigue and malaise , numerous doctor visits without results , i obtained source of life vitamins upon the recommendation of a friend whose physician had recommended it for them . with the very first dose , i went from dragging around to walking around- -while most vitamins require weeks of use before results are seen . at my very next doctor 's appointment , i told of my experience with source of life and i continue to report it to anyone and everyone that mentions being excessively tired . members of my family and several friends now regularly use this outstanding product , and have reported similar results . not only did i feel much better with higher energy levels , i also notice fingernail and hair growth as well . i use the liquid version and it is actually very tasty . i highly recommend this product . i 've used it for 3 years and have obtained consistent good results . 
music neg 744.txt i like to have natural sounds or some type of ' yoga style ' music while i 'm either practicing yoga or just trying to relax . this cd just did n't fit . there are a few ok ' songs ' but the rest of it is either too fast / upbeat or there 's too much talking / chanting . i found myself distracted when i put this cd on 
health neg 918.txt i tried this deodorant for 2 weeks and it peeled of my skin . stay away 
health pos 707.txt i love the smell of an essential oil in the air . i 've tried tealight burners , a smear on a low-burning lamp , and a miniature crockpot designed for aromatherapy . the pearlessence spa mist is absolutely the best ever for diffusing an odor and continuing to diffuse it for an extended period of time . because i live in a humid climate , i was concerned that misting would only add to mold problems and perhaps mar wooden furniture . the cool mist instantly absorbs even into our air . the light show of the base can be turned off , but i like it most of the time . product was offered for $10 less than at a well-known local natural market chain , and shipping was free with my order over $25 with other products . 
music neg 38.txt if any kid music annoys you , this cd is not for you . these are good old classic songs , but almost ruined with strange styles and irrelevant talking to intro the songs . i 'm throwing it away . i want my two-year-old to know the songs i know and love , but this was a bad buy on my part . 
dvd neg 312.txt maybe this is not fair , to write a review without even seeing the dvd . i wanted to make sure disney understands that people do read these reviews , and i am not buying this dvd , as swamp fox is incomplete ! three out of eight episodes is hardly a reason to purchase 
health pos 420.txt if you own one of these shavers , then you need to replace with these every year . buy the best , buy these , and shaver will stay like new 
dvd neg 604.txt 2 1 / 2 stars . this is a very good concert teaming up a pre - " grammy " santana with wayne shorter of weather report fame . great rhythm section , drums , conga , timbale . top notch musicians , first rate performance , very entertaining . my big problem comes with the quality of the dvd . i do n't see the excellent picture others are raving about and when it comes to the audio options even if the back cover states dd 2.0 , dd 5.1 and dts , the menus are showing something else ( dd2.0 , dts 2.0 and dts 5.1 ) but neither dts stream seem to be working . only dd stereo works . i own close to 200 dvd 's and all work fine , dts and all . bought it directly from amazon , i had it replaced and the new one is the same . this is not part of the great live at montreux series productions which are all great , no matter how old the concert is . so the 2 1 / 2 stars overall rating comes from 4 star performance combined with a 1 star dvd quality . 
camera pos 479.txt ok.. . i do n't know who reviews batteries but this one is pretty good . 
software neg 183.txt i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right . 
health neg 471.txt returned right after i tried it.. . does not get hot at all . very disappointed since it is so expensive 
camera neg 912.txt if you are looking to take high quality pictures , then look elsewhere . it is nice for taking quick snapshots with the family or what-have-you , but not much else . ( or for a beginner in photography or a child . ) you have to hold very still if you do n't want your pictures to come out blurry . also , the flash makes images far too bright and if you do n't use the flash it sometimes makes images come out far too dark . the only thing i like about this camera is it 's size . it 's great to just keep in your pocket or your bag.. . anyway , i 'm buying a better one soon 
software neg 100.txt i used version 8 and 9 and never experienced a problem . version 10.latest version is terrible . crash and burn . do n't take their advice and re-install your operating system . its their software and not the os . amazon and pinnacle ( avid ) continue to sell this product even though its terrible . i read it was re-written for version 10 and they ca n't get it right . nonetheless , they still charge full price and for support calls . the upgrade should have been free . there are several good products now so pinnacle is n't your only choice . i changed to sony vegas and am very happy but it does a have a learning curve . for super simple try ulead or one of the others . 
camera neg 674.txt i have tried everything . firewire , usb . there was an insert in the guide that mentioned that you have to connect the cable first to your pc then to your camera , then turn on the pc then turn on the camera...then wait for the stars to align in the right order . if you do anything in a different order then your camera can get damaged . what kind of a crazy world does panasonic live in ? well , i followed the instructions to the tee , downloded the right drivers and all and yet my pc does not recognize the gs19 or the gs9. i have used both . the gs19 is a new purchase so this is definitely going back . i thought , this model would have gone away with the kinks but , no ! so , my panasonic recorded dvs are gonna remain on the tape . i will never be able to put them on dvds . what a joke , this camera turned out to be 
books neg 795.txt waller should win an award for the most times reprocessing the same book and making money from it . come on . show some imagination 
dvd neg 226.txt i was hoping that " socermania " would be on the " extreme sports fun " dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the " disney treasures " this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough ' pluto 's blue note ' , ' donald 's dilemma ' ' no sail ' ' old sequoia ' and ' trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures " disney rarities " and " the chronological donald volume 2 " ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration 
dvd neg 797.txt just ca n't believe that someone ... with that much money could put out a piece of crap like this ! ! so so disappointing paul ! ! we need a direct live show no film ! and direct to dvd without 90% of audience.. . pauls pretty taken with his old self ! ! nice dye job 
camera pos 148.txt am very pleased with all aspects of the camera except one . i do not like that the viewfinder is no longer operational once you flip open the lcd screen . sometimes i like to verify my shot with both 
camera pos 154.txt the previous review is not completely correct . the problem is not with the product but with the description what amazon.com put up for the canon cpm-e3 battery magazine . it is a battery magazine for the canon compact battery pack cp-e3 and not for the camera battery grip . i think the product itself is a great thing , it lets you switch the whole magazine with 8 preloaded batteries instead replacing the batteries in the canon compact battery pack cp-e3. the previous reviewer should not judge a product by the incorrect infromation given by a retailer 
dvd neg 84.txt perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of lincoln 's various works , such as the sacred place , the messianic legacy , and holy blood , holy grail , or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books . the dvd will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books . however , it is simply not successful as a stand-alone video or as a video about the da vinci code . the narrator , mr. lincoln , takes us through the quaint and beautiful countryside of the languedoc , home to the cathar heresy and the albigensian crusade , and points out some interesting details in his wandering . yet he rarely ties the details together into a coherent picture , and often makes comments that would seem to undercut the very idea that he intends to create a coherent picture . as well , he relishes in showing the destruction wrought to many of these mysterious details by treasure hunters and vandals ( many inspired , it would seem , by lincoln 's books ) and repeatedly editorializes against their actions . i finally fell asleep at around the 90 minute mark- --i cannot imagine what else mr. lincoln could have found to drone on about for the remaining half hour . 
music pos 419.txt sony / legacy does a fine job with this compilation , but it could 've been much better imo ! ! here 's what i did to improve this cd ( fans can do the same thing ! ! there 's enough cd space available ! ) ... include the full length vesrion of ' encore ' ( the single mix has to go ! ) , and add the following rare bonus tracks.. . 16. ' at last you 're mine ' ( fr . 'heavenly bodies ' sdtk 1985 ) 17. ' steppin ' into the night ' ( fr . 'armed & dangerous ' sdtk 1986 ) . the single version of ' got to be real ' is fine because it includes cheryl 's trademark " soo-hoo , soo-hoo " vocal break that 's absent on the longer album version . all in all , i 'd recommend this cd to anybody that wants the best cheryl lynn compilation , but serious fans will want more ! ! ' the best of cheryl lynn , vol.2 ' has been long overdue for years , but you may have to make that one yourself until rhino does the job ! peace , sd ( of ' chaka 's world ' ) 
camera pos 843.txt i see a lot of people have had trouble tracking baseballs with this thing . i 've owned one for 3 years and it works pretty well . i will give some tips on it : ! ! ! if you throw at a respectable speed , and do n't follow the correct procedure it will not work - there will be no reading ! ! 1 ) do n't stand behind a metal fence . the chain links with the plastic coating over them will work , but for whatever reason exposed metal interferes with the signal . 2 ) the focus beam of the radar gun is very narrow . the whole idea is to keep the beam on the ball as long as possible . just having the ball pass through the radar beam is not enough . you need to keep the beam on the ball for practically the whole pitch . 3 ) use rechargable batteries.. . and this is n't to save money . some of the better energizer rechargable are high amperage , 1350 ma and up . the gun tends to respond better to this , as its pretty power hungry . you will get more consistant readings with better batteries . non-rechargable batteries cannot provide the same level of current ( usually 850 ma or less ) , which seem to effect the gun . so , how would you properly use the gun ? one way is to stand behind the mound as the pitcher throws . forget about using it during a game , behind the backstop . it wont work . try line up the pitchers release point and the plate , then situate your gun so that it fires on this imaginary line ( connecting pitchers hand and the target . you may have to slightly change the angle of the gun to track the pitch , which can be slightly tricky . follow the ball with the gun as long as you can . for a sure fire way to clock a throw , get a cheap net and stand behind it . you will register it every time . you will also have the most accurate reading 
dvd pos 808.txt this is a great dvd . i bought it for my son , who has special needs . he attends a lot of dances and is always on the dance floor , but has never been able to figure out how to do the electric slide or macarena . neither my husband nor i knew how to do these dances either . i played the " party line dances " dvd , and asked my son to follow shawn 's instructions . pretty soon he was moving along with shawn , and doing very well . and by joining a few of our son 's practices , my husband and i quickly picked up the dance moves too . my son now participates fully , and we look forward to line dancing at our own occasions 
dvd pos 968.txt i would argue that since we really have n't evolved all that far since our primate days human males still have loads of aggression and animalistic behavior they need to get out . and despite the best efforts from civilization in general to neuter them that aggression still has to go someplace . in mary harron 's " american psycho " it comes out in all the wrong places . the film is a character study of one patrick bateman ( christian bale ) , a wall street yuppie by day and an ax murderer by night . patrick is a man who has been forced to the edge because of the fakeness that surrounds him . it 's not just the suits and the empty conversations either . it is the peeing contests over who has the best haircut or apartment or business card . he tries to talk about his problems , he really does , but nobody listens to him because nobody listens period . to their ears " murders and executions " is interchangeable with " mergers and acquisitions . " the film is a big punch in the face to the egotistical businessmen of the 1980's . this particular gordon gekko is overdone and overacted by christian bale in a great performance . he is robotic , phony , arrogant and absurd . he is the kind of guy who will have a 3 some with prostitutes just so that he can admire himself in the mirror doing so ( all the while flexing his biceps ) . more than anything he is militantly materialistic . he is dexter mixed with jim profit , only he likes to style and profile while taking an ax to a co-workers head . the whole point , which is made clear in the final scene , is that while these people may truly believe that only the glossy veneer matters it is really the inside that counts . just because these people make enough cash to swim in , scrooge mcduck style , does n't mean that their behavior is excusable . harron paints the modern businessman as an american psycho , and it is all too fitting . to make it in the business world your conscious and your soul must be turned off , you must be turned into patrick bateman . the film is a great success . as a horror movie villain patrick has one of the most compelling backstories ever . every scene has great energy to it and even though bale looks a little out of place his acting is so good you ca n't stop watching him . there is something of a conflict presented when willem dafoe shows up to play a detective on the case of one of patrick 's murders . that storyline is interesting while it lasts , but it is never quite wrapped up . i would also admit that after awhile i got a little sick of swimming in these debaucherous waters . he may never tire of having it dirty and bloody but i eventually did . the character is endlessly fascinating ( what is up with his love of cheesy 80 's music ? ) and the scene where he kills paul allen will leave you stunned and hypnotized . the male need for aggression is n't going anyplace and we need to find a good way to channel it . . .otherwise we are going to have a lot more patrick bateman 's and iraq wars on our hands . ***3 / 
books neg 46.txt i was expecting this book to be a great story , but very disappointed . i cannot believe the publisher allowed the author to publish this book as it is . the book is insipid and dull , has no flow , no story , or no plot . let me present an example . i have read many insightful newsweek articles by a writer allan sloan . for example , sloan describes a sprint merger event in this way , " if talk is getting cheaper , why did mci worldcom pay $115 billion to buy sprint ? the once staid phone companies have launched a merger blitzkrieg in an effort to emerge at the center of the wired world . can regulators handle the complex new order.... . " it has a clear logical axis , and has a force to attract readers into it . but jeter describes it like this , " the merger announcement of worldcom and sprint spurred building activity around worldcom headquarters as real estate developers readied for economic prosperity . the real estate inventory swelled with new planned unit.... . " it always presents off-center , trivial detail which makes a reader bored . 70% of books are consumed to described a dry and dull fact , like " the merger of company a & b raised the stock to $x " etc. there is no insight here . but unfortunately , unlike enron scandal , there is no other book that centered on the worldcom scandal . you would get much better comprehension by collecting articles in newsweek or business week , if you have lexisnexis or ebiscohost . 
books neg 734.txt i too read the ta for tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago . she loved it a lot so i 've been looking for it again , this time for my grand-daughter . even though the title is different from the original one i knew , i purchased it and read it as soon as i received it . bottomline : this story is _not_ the original one and i do n't like it at all . other than showing stereotypical happy prince and princess fairy tale characters ( which i can live with up to a point ) , i saw bunches of red flags when i got to the evil witch , drawn with a full-blown ugly face " who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan " . unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies . without enough warm fuzzies ( we read earlier ) it puts people " in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die " . ouch . so instead of embracing the wisdom of old women , here we have another story that villifies them ( ok , i 'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all ) . no , it 's not funny , and there is no way i would introduce this book to any child . the book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are , as the original book did . too bad , for using images of " warm fuzzies " and " cold pricklies " is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children . i am returning the book . 
dvd pos 343.txt i love death cab . i saw on degrassi , when an interviewer asks ashley and craig ( in the interview that they leeave spinner and marco out of ) they say that they are influenced by dcfc , i started watching degrassi when i heard kevin smith was on 3 episodes . get this dvd....it is sooooooo good , i want plans too. . 
camera neg 139.txt i bought this battery as a replacement for an old canon bp511a . it lasted about a couple of months before it started not taking a charge . complete waste of money 
music pos 298.txt i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill . 
camera neg 531.txt return ? ha ha ! ! ! you must email them for permission . they do n't provide the email address . i have spent untold hours trying to get them to respond . they will do everything to avoid returns . and amazon just looks the other way . do n't do it ! 
software pos 20.txt i really enjoy the nancy drew games . they can be done as a senior detective with fewer helps or as a junior detective with a check list of things that need to be done . the check list continues to update as you move through the game . i look forward to each new game as it comes out and ca n't leave the computer until they are done 
health pos 991.txt after 3 months use , i 'm buying two more of these for my daughters . the unit is compact , very sturdy , virtually silent , and puts out plenty of mist even on the low setting . the small tank is light and easy to fill , even in a bathroom sink ( many people really have to wrestle with those one gallon tanks ) yet it easilly lasts through an 8 hour work day or nights sleep . the key feature is that it is small and quiet . that means it can be near you on a desk top or night table . having the mist nearer to you and less in the ambient air means less will condense on cold windows ( and cause mildew ) . it also means you can use the low setting which makes the small tank last longer and reduces any risk of vapor droplets settling to the table top . if you want to use the high setting , put the unit on top of a book shelf , dresser or file cabnit to allow a longer path for the mist to settle . this is small and light enough to take on the road to dry hotel rooms . one daughter wants one for her dorm room , which is overheated . the unit is easily moved from bedroom to den or wherever you locate during the day . you would not find this convenient with large ( gallon ) humidifiers . this unit is also inexpensive , at around $30 which is half the cost of many larger models ( so you can get two ) . after using several evaporative humidifiers , i love not spending $6 - $9 a month for paper replacement wicks . overall , i am delighted with the unit . the only criticsm is the blue led is too bright in a dark room . this is easily dimmed by putting a piece of masking or adhesive tape over it . the light is helpful to avoid bumping the unit if you reach for the phone or a tissue in the dark of night . it also lights up the mist so you know there is still water in the chamber . highly recommended . 
books neg 220.txt if you liked whyte 's previous sophomoric efforts , you 'll love this . in addition to being the same dumb , hackneyed story lines and stock characters we are used to from the previous books , this one has the additional feeling of being pure filler : in no real way does the story get advanced . arthur begins as a baby , and ends as a small boy . there are adventures , but nothing important happens . as usual , in whyte 's books , the bad guys are left alive so they can sneak up and do new evil , and as usual the bad guys are pure plot devices and in no way characters . with all the ( totally ahistorical ) democratic rhetoric , merlin 's brother shows up out of nowhere and they immediately hand him half the power in camelot . anyone who would read this , i guess , has already read the previous lame offerings in this series and does n't object to laughably boring plots which rely heavily on coincidence , caricatures who never grow or change , and historical detail that sounds like it comes from a museum brochure rather than any real scholarship . so go for it . but please , if you want something exciting that will also make you think , look at the really good arthurian efforts out there- -gillian brandshaw , a.a. attanasio , or barbara taylor bradford to name just a very few. . 
health neg 857.txt first of all i was very disappointed when i received my waterpik cf-203c cascadia showerhead . it is all plastic ! i do not recall seeing that anywhere in the product specs . i thought when i oredered a chrome finish that it was some form of metal . sedondly , even with the head made of plastic , the plasic flexible hose is not strong enough to support it . we could not use it because the hose would just hang there and spray the wall . we installed it repeatedly , following each step of the instructions every time , thinking we were missing something . i eventually returned the showerhead to amazon 
software pos 748.txt i use ms office at work , and at home , but for my daughter 's computer this was perfect . most people do n't need the full version of office , and this package has so much for so little money . the full version of word is reason enough to spend this amount of money . note : this is not the latest version , but who cares . i would say this is one of the best software deals out there . unless you need 100% office compatiblity , this is the package for you . if you do , buy the student and teacher version of ms office . read the fine print , it is for anyone not using it for business 
books neg 841.txt this is the worst textbook i have ever bought for any class ! it is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read . this book is horribly written . the explanations are boring , drawn out , and unclear . the early chapters draaaag on forever . the later chapters get a little better , but they state a lot of obvious or useless information . i have spent hours and weeks studying from this text and learned very little . 
dvd neg 676.txt i am from australia and received these in the post and promptly returned them to amazon . is a complete season of baywatch really baywatch when the seasons are labeled incorrectly , the music and theme song have been changed and episodes are missing ? i do n't think so . not only have the distributors done fans no favours but amazon have incorrectly labeled the cast . on the amazon website as part of advertising for season 1 they have incorrectly labeled it . if you go by the cast that amazon have put on , you would think that it was the real original season 1 , when we know it is not . the release in the uk , which is out now and the upcoming release in australia on march 14th is the real deal . season 1 is the real season 1 and all subsequent seasons are correct . there are no episodes missing and the original music and theme song are intact . might wanna try those regions to buy the real deal . aaro 
health pos 606.txt i bought two of these for my son....hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night , without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident . this pad is definitely leakproof . the only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing....that is not the case . i have tried it with jersey sheets , and flannel sheets...but it does move alot and get bunched up . so , i do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night . if i had it to do over again , i would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps . 
health pos 106.txt i really liked the outside design of the book . a lot of books were " cartoonish " and really was drawn to the look of the book . i wish the book did not have so much random fill-in pages . i had hoped that it would have blanks to fill in for different events / ages of the child . but all in all i am pleased with it . i would most likely buy again 
books pos 238.txt i was a student of mr. clawson 's , and highly recommend any student of his to use this book as a study guide 
dvd neg 922.txt i had read- -with delight- -the book called " mrs. frisby and the rats of nimh " to my grandsons , so i thought the movie would be a nice followup . wrong ! it barely resembles the book , and all the most important parts are glossed over or left out . it might be ok for a child who has n't read the book , but we were disappointed 
dvd pos 482.txt i owned the vhs version of ' 'the wild , wild world' ' but decided to get the dvd this winter . well..that was a great purchase ! i understand people that could see the documentary of jayne in europe , as pretty cheaply made , but it is still jayne , and if you love her ( as i do ) , any film she was in ( except the girl ca n't help it , and will success spoil rock hunter ) was done on the cheap , with ridiculously small budgets . ' the wild , wild world ' gives you the chance to see a candid jayne in all kinds of very campy situations , and the best scenes are when jayne pretends to be offended by the goings-on.. . it shows a jayne mansfield who was indeed a true-original , rather eccentric person in the anal-retentive american fifties.i ca n't help comparing her to what anna nicole smith has done with her ' career ' as a media sensation , but jayne was doing basically the same fifty years ago , which was understandbly much more shocking for the common-folks . when jayne talks about her film roles , you wonder if she is laughing with you or at herself . i do n't understand how she can be compared to marilyn monroe.mm was looking for privacy , more serious roles , spoke to journalists only if she absolutely had to , when jayne was waking up her daughter in the middle of the night to prepare drinks for journalists who needed something to write about.jayne was not too picky about her roles , and the kind of attention she was getting , and it was her undoing.sad , but she needed the money to keep up that image , all those children , dogs , and...husbands . now , about ' 'the labyrinth of sex'' : it is hysterical ! ! and a great choice to make the dvd a double-feature , just like the good-old days of the drive-ins ! when you get over the awful dubbing , the documentary is rather well made , naive to today 's standards of course , but well-intentionned.some viewers will just see crass-exploitation , but if you are into campy , kitsch movies , and you see ed wood jr. as a genius...well you will love it ! .the movie trailers are very funny as well , and make you wish you could find them . so my conclusion is that dvd is an excellent purchase , a must-have for any serious jayne mansfield fan ! ! 
dvd neg 656.txt ok , check it out , there 's two jack blacks . one is the guy from tenacious d , you see him all the time . he 's funny and childish and insane . then there 's the other jack black . he 's the evil creature who pervades films like shallow hal and king kong , whose only humorous lines are the ones that are funny by accident . well , as long as you are n't fat and do n't feel patronized by gweneth presuming to know what it 's like not to be desired all her life ( ha ) , then by all means suspend all disbelief , logic , and brain power and watch this dumb movie . gweneth 's fat suit is actually pretty convincing , although most of the movie she 's played by an actual fat chick...who by the way should have just been left in , without the whole " ha ha the dude thinks she 's skinny " nonsense . obviously , a film about a dude trying to cope with dating a big girl would have a lot more resonance if : a ) he were n't brainwashed b ) his fat girlfriend was n't replaced by a twiggy blond chick c ) the movie did n't throw ridiculous concepts your way ( like a guy could have sex with a 300 lb woman without realizing it ) d ) tony robbins was in no way involved whatsoever i knew i was slumming it when i saw this movie . but i 'm not sure what the message of this film is . jack black 's character is decent , considerate , great with kids and perfect in every way . oh , except he 's really shallow for no dicernable reason , other than his dad 's dying words were for him to go out and chase tail . the weird part is that hal 's not a bad person . the movie beats you over the head showing you he 's the nicest guy on on the face of the earth , so you ca n't really laugh at him looking like an idiot . rosemary is so fat she has superpowers . her butt actually creates typhoons ( i wonder if that has military applications ? ) . suddenly , hal mistakes ugly pimply girls for supermodels and evil skanks for old shrews . tony robbins brainwashed him , the fiend ! when hal finally realizes this he decides to ( ooh big spoiler ) love rosemary anyway , and learns a valuble lesson . along the way there are a ton of cliches like people thinking he 's dating rosemary just because her dad happens to be his boss , and a sexy neighbor in his building who starts to get the hots for him when she sees how non-judgemental he is dating a fat girl ( ' cause that would make any woman melt ) . of course there 's requisite best friend , played by jason alexander , who is repulsed by fat people and plots to get hal to dump her . then again , the friend is a complete troll , so i do n't know why hal would want him around . and to insult us further , they force some burned kids on us at the hospital to strike a serious note about how true beauty is on the inside . too...many...public...service...messages ! pick...one. . ! ! but brain-dead writing aside , paltrow really sells her performance when they actually show her in the fat suit ( despite gweneth 's postering when this film was first released ) . regardless of its clumsy benevolence , i have to rate this as a romantic comedy . and for that , i give it a rating of totally unremarkable . nice gesture , farelly brothers . not to be bothered with 
health pos 891.txt very nice scale , worked wonderfully for a family member of mine with poor eyesigh 
books pos 256.txt the boston based author , dennis lehane , wrote a great detective story with a social background so great , it is almost more important than the plot . " mystic river " differs from lehane 's other books and indeed raises him to the next level as a writer . " mystic river " is set in the fictional boston suburb , called east buckingham ( the author explains it as an amalgamate of dorchester , charlestown and south boston and it really feels like dorchester ) , home mostly to white working class , with plenty of crime . i liked the background info especially since i could relate to it , knowing the area.. . the first part , which is the base and explanation for later events , takes place in 1975 , when one of the three eleven-year old neighborhood boys playing in the street is abducted by two men in an apple-smelling car , and although he comes back after four days , his life as well as his friends ' is changed forever . the ways of the boys soon part , dave ( the boy taken by the men ) lives a quiet life , has a wife and a son , and likes his memories of being a football player in high school . jimmy , the " bad boy " , after doing some time in prison settles down as a storeowner with a nineteen-year old daughter from his first marriage , second wife and their two daughters . the third boy , college-educated sean , becomes a policeman . when jimmy 's beautiful daughter , katie , is found murdered in the park after a night out dave comes home covered in blood , sean gets assigned to the case . there are many leads to different people.. . but the case is difficult . meanwhile , jimmy and his family embark on the search of their own . the plot is very good until the end , and psychological details as well as the insights into the society are extremely accurate . the characters are very real , especially jimmy and sean , who are central to the plot . their trauma after dave 's abduction made a lasting effect on their lives - in very different ways . they are complicated , multifaceted people , very well developed as literary characters . some side protagonists , depicting perhaps types rather than individuals ( bobby , roman , the savage brothers , sergeant whitey ) , are very good . i was in the grasp of this book until the end - it is not only great entertainment , but also food for thought . the movie based on " mystic river " with sean penn is equally moving - recommended for those with little time.. . 
dvd neg 290.txt the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard 's performance , she is innocent and believable . i ca n't understand how good actors like weaver , hurt , and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this . the ' plain ' dialogue among the ' elders ' is painfully numbing , choppy , and stilted . and the directing drove me crazy , especially since m. night...insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through , or following them without ever bothering with close-ups . these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera . if you like the back of william hurt 's head , you 'll get plenty of it in this film , the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague ; which is too bad , since when he finally has a good speech , we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes . i agree with others , i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode . rent it first before you buy , and save some money for a classic thriller , like psycho 
software pos 865.txt i am not a professional reviewer or a tech guru , but based on my experience with this product i am very satisfied . i love the new interface and how easy it is to work with documents and apply formatting with such ease . i have only used it for a month now and i still have to use some of the applications yet . if you have the money and will love to have a new office suite that can give you some happiness working with documents every day , go for it 
music pos 790.txt what can be said about this album ? this is one of those albums that re-invigorates your faith / enthusiasm in music ( those who listen to a lot of albums know what i mean ) . some tracks from here were most famously covered by nirvana on their unplugged album , although pained i do n't think cobain quite got the feel that kirkwood gives to these songs . it has a perfect blend of songs that make you want to almost hoe-down and those that you can just reflect on and chill out . particular stand outs on this album are split myself in two , magic toy missing , aurora borealis and the whistling song . this album does take some growing as kirkwood 's voice is abrasive , but this is an album that will truly make you love music . do try it , you wo n't be disappointed . 
camera pos 662.txt i was really happy with the telescope - it was a good buy too . i bought one for a friend als 
camera pos 132.txt xti is feature laden , but takes fantastic " point and shoot " photos . seems to be a significant improvement on canon 's rebel xt , a wonderful camera . for the money , the best slr going 
music neg 209.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
music neg 102.txt very possibly the worst cd i have ever heard in my life . i could barely force myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over . this is not music . it is stupid noise ! 
health pos 546.txt i have tried lots of protein powders . i get online the low-carb , low-calorie protein powders as i am just trying to put on muscle and it is hard to find one that you can stomach . i was stuck on champions whey ( chocolate ) for the past year as the best but i just got my shipment of the gold standard - cookies & cream and it is amazing ! i love this stuff . i tried it with fat free milk in just a shaker bottle and it was tremendous . i am going to have this before and after my daily workout , but best yet , rather than binging on any ice cream desires late at night , i am going to get a scoop of fat free frozen vanilla yogurt , put a scoop of this in with some fat free milk and i have my fat free protein shake 
dvd neg 394.txt sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs ! 
dvd neg 687.txt i purchased dick cavett 's john lennon and yoko ono interview and it was great . it was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material . i gained new insight about john and yoko . so i bought cavett 's interview of jimi hendrix expecting something similar . the 15 minutes of glib questions by cavett produced nothing new about hendrix . included in the dvd are a few minutes of jimi playing at woodstock . the rest of the dvd is mediocre at best . 
books pos 706.txt it is interesting to see how golems evolve from pratchett 's discworld novel , " feet of clay " ( 1996 ) , where they are speechless slaves of clay , to " going postal " ( 2004 ) where a well-educated but humorless golem serves as body guard and lecturer-in-morals to the new post master . this is where it all begins.. . commander sir samuel vimes , of ankh-morpork 's night watch pays a visit to the dragon king of arms at the urging of his new wife , who thinks sam needs his own coat-of-arms now that he 's been knighted . unfortunately , one of sam 's ancestors was a regicide so his descendent is denied an armorial bearing by the college of heralds . he does learn that one of his watchmen is actually the earl of ankh : the inimitable corporal nobbs , who is forced to carry around a piece of paper signed by ankh-morpork 's patrician certifying that he 's really human . well , this is a bit of a come-down for sir sam , but he 's got more important matters on his mind , including the murders of two harmless old men . one of them was beaten to death by a loaf of dwarf bread . his body was discovered by captain carrot and corporal angua , the only werewolf in the night watch , when they visited the dwarf bread museum on their day off . the only link between the two corpses is a trace of white clay at both murder scenes . subplots zigzag every which-way through " feet of clay . " corporal ' earl of ankh ' nobbs is being courted by a group of well , nobs who have n't given up on the notion that ankh-morpork should be ruled by a king . captain carrot , hereditary king of ankh-morpork who wisely refused the crown in " men at arms , " is busy tracking murderers and emancipating golems . sargeant colon is about to retire if he lives through a trip through the sewers with wee mad arthur . corporal angua helps a new dwarf recruit come to terms with her yen to wear lipstick . death , who has at least a walk-on role in all the discworld fantasies is still working on his sense of humor : " i am death , not taxes . i turn up only once . " if this sounds confusing , it isn't . it 's brilliant . all of the story lines tie together according to character . i do n't know how pratchett digs through the sewers and stockyards of ankh-morpork , and rubs together a monarchist plot with a bit of animated clay to create such a gem . i think he must use magic . 
dvd pos 294.txt you want the greatest zombie film ever made in the most deluxe version dvd possible today ? buy this set today , as it includes 3 versions of the film , including argento 's take on the film , known as zombi : dawn of the dead . dawn of the dead has that 79 feel , with wide camera shots that allow the characters to breathe , unlike so many modern horror flicks that smother the stars with endless closeups . the zombie gore is to be noted , as its quite gory near the end of the film and at some parts throughout , but no real feasting occurs till the end , for the ultimate payoff . yes , the zombies are pasty and fresh , since the outbreak has just began , which joins a team of four who struggle to survive in a mall while the world is quickly overtaken in this , dawn of the dead , easily the strongest romero entry , and amongst all zombie films 
health neg 199.txt i purchased this towel warmer for my wife . she has been very disappointed . it simply does not get hot enough to heat towels so she has stopped using it . i would not recommend it to anyone . 
health neg 198.txt we have three of these humidifiers , the elephant , the penguin and the cow . have had them for 6 months or so . in the last two weeks , both the penguin and cow have stopped working all together and the elephant is the sole survivor . when we got them , i thought they were amazing , quiet and did the job . now i am deciding if i should go out and buy two more or pick another brand . oh and be careful , i think the steam from my sons killed his dvd player on his tv as it gets caked with the white stuff... . 
software pos 986.txt purchased this edition of taxcut last week . on win xp2 the software installed cleanly and it downloaded the updates without any issues . i imported last year 's data in less than a minute and i had my return completed in less than 1 hour . this includes capital gains / losses , dividends , and amt calculations . it does n't get much easier than this . yes , you have to download updates . the irs is still making changes to the tax codes long after this software has to be packaged and sent to the stores . the alternative would be to download the whole package online when you buy it , but would n't that take at least as long 
books neg 323.txt this book was so badly written that i just could n't help writing my first review on amazon . i never bothered writting reviews . while i fully respect the authors ' decision in providing the book online under the creative commons license , and while i do not doubt the sincerity of their intentions , the book is a total f*ck up . and f*ck up is an understatement . the book : 1 ) is unorganized : - i felt i was being bombarded by information from all directions . one moment i was getting ready to test a simple " hello world " module , and the other i 'm suddenly faced with a some strange esoteric block diagram showing " how function calls and function pointers are used in a module to add new functionality to a running kernel . " with strange function names that were not mentioned and do not get mentioned for the rest of the chapter . how the hell did i get here ? it just pisses you off and breaks your thought process and leaves you clueless and frustrated . 2 ) is upside-down: - i read chapter 3 ( char drivers ) and i compare it to real device drivers and some things just do n't match . the book seems very theoretical because the " real " device drivers call some other functions that are not mentioned at all . after digging in the kernel source files and googling the internet i realize that in the " real world " there is a whole driver-model and generic objects and what not . reading the source code documentation and some online material i actually understand how the " real " drivers work . i still do n't understand the stuff in the book . i start wondering whether there is any mention of the driver-model and i find it in chapter 14 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the driver model seems , in my opinion , the first step to understanding how " real " drivers work and i find it after 14 chapters of utter nonsensce ! ! not only that , the authors decide that " many driver authors can ignore the device model entirely " and " the complexity of the device model makes it hard to understand by starting with a high-level view " ... surpisingly it was easier to understand from online sources and the source code documentation than trying to read chapter 2 in the book ! 3 ) is sadistic: - one thing i really hated was the carrot-and-stick approach the authors chose . first they give you a small tiny taste of a topic which finally seems relevant and just when you feel you 're about to reach somewhere , they do a complete u-turn and throw all kinds of irrelevant off-the-topic rubish that leaves you sorry you were so shamefull as to expect any better . you end up confused , annoyed , and duped . like in chapter 2 when they presented the code for the " hello world " module . ok fine . seems easy enough . you naturally assume that this is an invitation to write the same code yourself . haha wroong ! the book suddenly does a " make hello.c " without showing you the content of the makefile . it leaves you out to dry with your uncompilable - " hello.c " and goes on describing in detail seemingly random stuff . you are left wondering whether the makefile must have been something too obvious to bother noting down and you start wondering whether to try to create a simple makefile or continue reading the chapter " as-is " . i chose the former . hahaha wroong agaaiin ! i ended up compiling my whole kernel source tree because of something they decide to mention only 7 sections later . ( at least they mentioned it ? ! ) in summary. . i 'd suggest you buy the book. . and ( as " . / documentation / managementstyle " for another book says ) : " not read it . burn it , it 's a great symbolic gesture " . i do n't think anyone could have done a better job at making a worse technical book . if you come across any online material that " recommends " this book , *quickly* discard that material too .. without thinking . this is a -5 stars book . it has affected me personally 
music pos 749.txt sweet brazillian jazz piano combined with guaraldi 's 1960 's hit & quot ; cast your fate to the wind . &quot ; throw in a coupla classics like & quot ; since i fell for you&quot ; and & quot ; moon river&quot ; masterfully interpreted by vince and you have the perfect album for unwinding , loving , or waking up 
music pos 918.txt dream is a great album where keller coloboarates with many of his favorite musicians including bob wier , bella fleck , victor wooten and string cheese incident . all the songs are unique and great to sing too while driving or anytime ! 
music pos 152.txt this is a great classic rock cd including some timeless songs . if you like " summer breeze " as much as i do and have not heard the remix of it yet , you are in for a pleasent suprise . a remix album came out in november of 2004 called " what is hip " and in my opinion is the best remix album of 70 's music that i 've ever heard . their version of " summer breeze " is near perfect . a modernized , but not over the top version that manages to preserve the true melody of the song with out removing the original rhythm . the entire album is great too . i have this " greatest hits " and the " what is hip " cd and simply ca n't get enough . here 's a link to the cd . enjoy . http : / / www.amazon.com - - what is hip 
dvd pos 81.txt " above the rim " is an entertaining street drama that focuses around kyle lee watson , an inner-city high school basketball player who shows a lot of promise but lets his own arrogance get the best of him . he wo n't listen to anybody who offers him advice on how to improve his game , as he thinks that he is the best player ever . he 's been hoping that his mad skills are catching a college scout 's attention , but he does catch birdie 's eyes when he plays . birdie is a well known gang leader who offers kyle the good life so long as he plays on his neighborhood team in a " shoot-out " basketball contest that means the world to him . kyle- -being impatient as ever- -agrees to join , not seeing the clear danger that is in front of him . a high school security guard with a past knows the danger that birdie presents , and he is the only who has a chance to get through to kyle before it is too late . not only is this a very good basketball movie , but it is also an intense and character-driven drama centered around the choices that we make in life.. . and how we have to live with them in the long run . the film has some great performances from duane martin , marlon wayans and the late tupac shakur . even though everybody is great in their roles , the showstopper is indeed shakur . he gives a very masterful performance that really sticks out and will stay with you long after the movie is over . my only complaint is the length of the movie . it 's true that a movie that runs a little over an hour and a half is n't short , but i think the story and the characters open more possibilities to add on to the movie . i think more opportunities and risks could have been taken to further enrich the story . still , it is a really good movie that did n't disappoint me . the dvd does n't have a whole lot to offer . you can either watch the movie in widescreen or in fullscreen , depending on your preference . the movie looks and sounds very good . the only special features that are offered are movie trailers , and those are n't even that great . i would 've loved it if they included the music video , " regulate " by warren g and nate dogg . in fact , given some of the great rap songs that are in this movie , they could 've included a couple of music videos . it 's not a great dvd , but at least it 's not that expensive . i really enjoyed " above the rim . " it may not be flawless , but it definitely does more right than wrong . the characters are what really dominate the movie . even if you 're not a fan of the game , it 's still something to check out if you 're a fan of character drama . exciting , intense , conflict-driven and full of heart , " above the rim " is a very well done film . -michael cran 
dvd pos 465.txt the star trek collection is a worthy hobby and certainly the largest of the television series dvd collections ( the original series , the next generation , deep space nine , voyager and enterprise ) . at around 1100 minutes per box ( a few hours less than the tos seasons ) we are still looking at approx 30 boxes with 700 hours of viewing . that is 1 month of non-stop star trek . no dvd series comes remotely close to that . get going collecting right now and build up on each succession over the years . by the end you will have a very serious anthology that defines the word awe . this is the kind of item that requires 1 hour a day of your time for the next few years . it is a cherished memory that served your fathers and will serve your children also . our very planet , earth , has advanced because of gene roddenberry 's admirable concept . roddenberry nailed the premise of the series when he said that he wanted to create a show with characters that we could look up too . ` the bridge ' members are like our family . watch what they do . then go and spend your life striving for the same on earth . what engineer , medic , scientist , teacher , worker can not say that star trek has not influenced them ? the show is this significant in the development of our species . even christians respect and quote its authority and it is not hard to see why . the dvd case is not quite as fancy as the tos ( the original series ) cases . the tng case is supposed to resemble a tng crew briefcase . the case opens to reveal the disc booklet inside a sleeve . sliding the disc booklet out of the sleeve and flipping it open reveals a spread of 7 discs . there are 4 episodes per disc . however the last disc , disc 7 , only has two episodes , for a grand total of 26 episodes ( tos has 8 discs , 30 episodes ) . the rest of disc 7 is devoted to star trek interviews and trailers with the usual expected extras...and then some more . the episodes are ordered not in the sequence they where filmed , but in the sequence that they aired , however each episode has been numbered according to the order they where filmed in . this means on one disc you have shows 4 , 2 , 12 and 1 , in that order . the sound has also been remastered to 5:1 dolby digital ! since the show was shot in full frame , these dimensions are retained . star trek , the next generation ( tng ) , season one , had an amazing impact when it was first broadcast . an instant hit and a milestone in television serials ( it ran for 7 seasons unlike its predecessor that ran for 3 ) , its characters and new look enterprise had us glued to the tv with the first computer generated images of our solar system as captain picard utters the immortal words.. . ` to baldly' ... i mean.. . ` to boldly go where no man' ... i mean.. . ` to boldly go where no one has gone before . ' viewing the episodes in the order they where filmed does not show a vision in the shaping as per the tos series but is more of the same again ( even remaking some tos episodes ) , this time with more characters , more action and more special effects . season 1 all of the main characters in the tng series are in episode one , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant / lt. commander geordi la forge , lieutenant tasha yar , lieutenant worf , commander dr. beverly crusher , lt. commander / commander deanna troi , lt. commander data and ensign wesley crusher . only natasha yar quits before the first season is finished . commander dr. beverly crusher is replaced by doctor katherine pulaski for season two . ensign wesley crusher is only sometimes reoccurring after season four . the enterprise itself is beautifully rendered with additional areas such as the holodeck allowing for almost any environment at the users choosing , playing an important function in many episodes . the use of computer generated images ( a ground-breaking television experience back in 1987 ! ) allowed for inspirational subspace sequences , planets , backdrops , an improved bridge main viewer and windows ! advances in makeup effects brought new alien characters to life and allowed an actor to appear as if he where indeed an android . tng season one attempts to relate with tos by reviving similar stories while at the same time adding on additional insights into new and fascinating sci-fi theory while retaining most of the character arcs that made tos so interesting . the stories ( also written by tos 's dc fontana ) are as fresh today as they where in the late 80s , early 90s , when tng first aired . season one of tng is mostly about deities , infections , alien cultures , galactic politics , time travel , alien forces , mind control , family matters , computer malfunctions and starfleet academy . there are also the unforgettable episodes ` encounter at farpoint ' which introduces us to the crew of the enterprise and the mysterious q , ` where no one has gone before ' a wonderful story about travelling the cosmos , ` datalore ' which features two data characters , ` heart of glory ' with some in-depth revelations about klingons , ` skin of evil ' featuring some remarkable effects for its time with a very sad ending , and the classic ` conspiracy ' ( this episode is uncut , which features some violent scenes involving a head explosion edited from some daytime television showings [so parents be cautious] ) about an invasion of the body snatchers type takeover of starfleet . the bottom line for tng : season one is that it will bring back some enormously delightful memories for those who where awe inspired by it when it first came out . although we can debate about which is the better series , tng or tos , we still absolutely adore both . we might miss kirk rolling about the desert scrub with a seven foot man in a rubber reptile costume , but hearing picard saying ` make it so ' just makes our day . season 2 season two , still carries on with repeating much of the stories in tos , revamping them and then adding some new stuff of its own , boosting data 's screen time , bumping up the computer generated graphics to allow for things like shuttlecraft launching and manoeuvres , improved alien cgi and an enhancement in particle effects . they even attempt a type of morphing . most of the main characters from season one are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker ( now with a beard ) , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf ( letting his hair grow ) , commander deanna troi ( complete with low-cut red starfleet costume ) , lt. commander data and ensign wesley crusher . however obviously commander lieutenant tasha yar is gone but so is dr. beverly crusher ( who was not bad-looking ) , replaced by doctor katherine pulaski ( who looks like your granny ! ) for season two because dr. crusher has been reassigned to starfleet medical as explained in episode one of season three ( in reality the tng writers where having difficulties in developing crusher 's character , would later reinstate her for season three , dropping pulaski because they felt her character was not working ) . colm meaney as miles edward o'brien , navigation from season one gets more screentime , while the new whoopi goldberg chatacter , guinan , is the wise el aurian bartender in 10 forward , the new bar room where the enterprise crew get to relax . except for this extra area the enterprise itself has not gone undergone much of a revamp and this season is far more enterprise based than season one , or all of tos , meaning season two has less planetary exploration stories which is a bit of a drawback , but sets a new standards in the ` hotel in space ' feel that would produce the ` deep space nine ' series . season two of tng is mostly about alien impregnation , mystery space , ai , the holodeck , interplanetary relations , rapid aging , justice , shape-shifting , time travel , family , the prime directive , kidnapping , cloning , war games and infections . the big plus side to not having that much planetary exploration is that there are lots of stories with klingons and the first encounter with the borg ! the unforgettable episodes are , ` elementary , dear data ' where data takes on his sherlock holmes persona and we are introduced to the moriarty character . ` loud as a whisper ' is about a deaf and dumb peace negotiator . ` a matter of honor ' is where riker serves on a klingon battleship . ` q who ? ' may well be the best episode here because it is the first time we meet the borg . the last episode of season two ` shades of gray ' may be one of the worst star trek episodes ever , which uses riker 's memories from seasons one and two to make up an entire episode and even includes the uncut scenes for the season one episode ` conspiracy ' featuring the violent head explosion edited from some daytime television showings [so parents be cautious again] ) . the bottom line for tng : season two is that for all it shortcomings because of lack of beaming down , we get the borg and lots and lots of klingons . at this stage in the saga we might still miss kirk rolling about the desert scrub with a seven foot man in a rubber reptile costume , but how will picard defeat those assimilating half-man , half-machine entities that are heading his way ? he better " make it so " with season three . season 3 it was the dawn of the 90s and since cgi had undergone some development , the improvements can be seen not only in the new opening sequence , but with better looking planets ( complete with moving gaseous atmospheres ) and major enhancements in particle effects . towards the end it undergoes new model development , lighting and subspace effects of a movie budget look . the crew uniform has changed with a new type of collar . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker ( now with a bigger belly ) , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf ( letting his hair grow even more ) , commander deanna troi ( with more makeup , costume changes and even an aerobics outfit [that really is n't as good as it sounds] ) , lieutenant commander data and ensign wesley crusher ( new hairdo ) . dr. beverly crusher is back ( initially with a terrible hairdo that gets better ) and doctor katherine pulaski has been dropped from the show never to reappear again . pulaski 's disappearance is not officially explained ( in reality diana muldaur was told her character was not working and she was offered a role in l.a. law instead . mcfadden was asked to rejoin the series again ) the crew do act like she has just left because her time was up with dr. crusher making reference to pulaski 's work in episode four . commander lieutenant tasha yar makes a surprise guest appearance for one episode ! dwight schultz ( murdoch from the a-team ) makes his first appearance as lieutenant ` reg ' barkley , who would have a reoccurring role . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien , navigation , does n't have much of a role boost since season two , while the whoopi goldberg 's guinan character of the wise el aurian , the bartender in 10 forward , has her background further developed . season three of tng is mostly about nanotechnology , colonization , super aliens , the prime directive , orphans , ancient space booby traps , romulans , wormholes , peace negotiations , defectors , super humans , terrorism , q , court inquisitions , parallel universes , ai , klingon high councils , captivity experiments , time travellers , biological space crafts , morale , the first law of robotics , vulcans , sarek , evolutionary speciation , and the borg . unlike season two there is much more planetary exploration and lots of alien encounters . there are loads of unforgettable episodes in this season , " evolution " where nanotechnology takes over the enterprise , " the survivors " is a mystery about a single household that is the only structure to survive an alien invasion on a whole planet , " who watches the watchers ? " is about the prime directive failing when the enterprise team are spotted and kidnapped , " offspring " sees data creating another sentient android , " sins of the father " has worf return to his klingon homeworld to defend his family honour , " hollow pursuits " has lt. barkley fantasizing about crew members in the holodeck , " sarek " is about the vulcan of the same name from star trek : the original series , who is back for what looks like his final peace negotiation , and of course the pot-boiler end episode of " the best of both worlds , part i " ( widely acclaimed as one of the best star trek episodes ever ! ) marks the grand entrance of locutus of borg onto the scene . the bottom line for tng : season three is that it is often cited by fans as the best tng season and is probably the first of the seasons to really be worth the price tag demanded of these very expensive box sets . in season three everyone seems to have matured , included the writers who are giving us exactly what we want and the series has a serious enough budget to make every episode look like a movie , especially towards the end . there is lots in this season to enjoy and of course not since j.r. ewing had been shot did we get the kind of cliff-hanger episode that " the best of both worlds , part i " would deliver on , meaning every trekie ( and who was n't at this time ) across the planet from la to hong kong had to wait all summer to learn how picard could be saved . there is no time to loose ! ! ! onto season four . .... wooosshhhh . season 4 not since j.r. ewing had been shot did we get the kind of cliff-hanger episode that " the best of both worlds , part i " would deliver on at the end of season iii , meaning every trekie ( and who was n't at this time ) across the planet from la to hong kong had to wait all summer to learn how picard could be saved . there was no time to lose ! ! ! onto season four . .... wooosshhhh.. . so here we are . with season three it was the dawn of the 90s and cgi had undergone some development and improvements ( better looking planets with moving gaseous atmospheres , particle effects , lighting and subspace effects ) . with season three things started to have more of a movie budget look . season four tries to maintain that class . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf ( who keeps growing that hair ) , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data , dr. beverly crusher and ensign wesley crusher ( now a starfleet officer with full uniform , also departs from tng half way through this season , and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining three seasons ) . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien and whoopi goldberg 's guinan . lots of characters who had small episode roles are back for season four such as worf 's lover k'ehleyr , the traveller , k'mpec the klingon leader , duras whose dishonesty caused worf 's discommendation and the romulan tomalak . there is also a surprise character at the end of this season . season four of tng is mostly about the borg , family , dr. soong and the ai emotion chip , adoption , the space-time continuum , hostage rescue , the klingon high council , romulans , alternative universes , holographic projection , survival , loosing special abilities , renegade captains , the devil , amnesia , first contact , love , nightmares , mutations , super intelligence , robin hood , witch hunt trials , euthanasia , host life forms , mind control and honour . like season three most the episodes in season four have great stories , combining both planetary exploration and the life of the crew instead of dealing with either one or the other as the initial seasons did . it is a well balanced season overall and a good deal more exciting than maybe its three previous seasons now that things are firmly established . apart from containing part ii of ` the best of both worlds ' , the introduction of the cardassians , who would become major players in the star trek : deep space nine franchise , makes it even more valuable . there are loads of unforgettable episodes in this season , ` the best of both worlds , part ii ' concludes the cliff-hanger from season three with some great battle special effects , ` family ' has picard going home to see his brother and family , ` brothers ' features dr. soong who is data 's creator , ` reunion ' returns to the story of worf and his klingon dishonour , ` the wounded ' features the cardassians for the first time , ` clues ' has data disobeying picard , ` first contact ' sees riker exposed as an alien on a planet he is monitoring , the ` the nth degree ' has barclay taking control of the enterprise with his new special powers of intelligence , ` qpid ' for its historical recreation of robin hood and of course ` redemption , part i ' which deals with worf 's dishonour . the bottom line for tng : season four is that it keeps up the pace of season three , and is worth the price tag demanded of these very expensive box sets . everyone has matured and the writers are giving us exactly what we want . although not quite the cliff-hanger end episode that " the best of both worlds , part i " was , ` redemption , part i ' still concerns the loss of a main character to the other side and introduces the surprise return of a person we know . we are left asking ourselves , if the ` hard man ' is really gone and why does ` she ' look like a romulian ! as picard would say " i can live with a mystery " but we just ca n't ! onto season five as quick as we can.. . season 5 season 5 has a remarkable improvement in visual effects . the display panels on the enterprise are more interactive . the camera can now pan as special effects take place . deep space battles seem more intense . we also get a new star trek title graphic in the opening sequence . the cliff-hanger conclusion of " redemption , part ii " is a great episode although slightly lacking in the promise of a civil war battle between klingons , romulans and the federation , turns out to be more of a character episode than the big epic battler we thought we would get . none-the-less , it is still a good episode that reveals some things about the family of tasha yar . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard ( with a new red suede coat and grey uniform ) , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge ( who sports a new beard in one episode ) , lieutenant commander worf ( who left the enterprise in season four ) , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data and dr. beverly crusher . ensign wesley crusher ( who departed from season four half way and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining three seasons ) returns for some episodes but is mainly replaced by the new ensign ro laren , a bajoran . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien as is whoopi goldberg 's guinan . alexander rozhenko as worf 's son now has a reoccurring role since season four . keiko o'brien , ( miles o'brien 's wife ) is firmly established as a reoccurring character . watch out for the special appearances of ashley judd as ensign robin lefler and leonard nimoy as spock ! whoot ! whoot ! strangely enough this is the only season where q , of the omnipotent q continuum , does not make an appearance . lieutenant reginald barclay , engineer is also absent from this season . season four of tng is mostly about the klingon high council , romulans , communication , bajora , crystalline entities , disasters , addiction , reunification , time travel , parenting , telekinesis , eugenics , amnesia , possession , euthanasia , sexual repression , time warps , children , cover-ups , sexual attraction , imaginary friends , borg , invisibility , alternative lives and phase shifting . like season four most the episodes in season five have great stories , a perfect balance of planetary exploration and the life of the crew . it much more of the same as in season four with the better episodes being ` redemption , part ii ' , ` darmok ' an interesting episode about language , the introduction of the bajora and ensign ro , the silicon avatar makes a return , ` unification ' , part i and ii ( both here ) with spock may be one of the most popular double episodes in the whole tng franchise , certainly more popular than ` time 's arrow ' , part i which ends this season with the possibility of something strange happening to data on earth . ` the masterpiece society ' shows what happens when a special genetically engineered race has contact from the outside world . huge of borg also makes his first appearance in ` i , borg' . apart from the ` unification ' double episode , the instalments ` ethics ' , about worf undergoing a major controversial surgical operation and ` the game ' , when entertainment becomes mind control , have both achieved cult status as some of the best tng episodes ever aired . season five unfortunately has some dull episodes too , many of which occur in the second half of the season , so the best stuff is within the first four discs . it does n't really create much drive to push for a quick follow up with season six , but no doubt because six is as good as five was , then we are there for it . as a note : " redemption part ii " - this episode received as 12 age rating in the uk , because it contains klingon ritual head butting . ` violations ' also has sexually violent content ( psychic rape ) . parents may want to be cautious and view those two episodes before showing it to children . if you are going to move onto season six then you will probably want to know that during season six the crew make contact with deep space nine . so if you get deep space nice : season one you can sync up the star dates and watch both franchises in chronological order . if you are in for six you may also be in for season one of ds9 ! season 6 season 6 is generally considered the pinnacle of the series for the wind down to the season 7 conclusion and of course the wake of popularity that star trek , deep space nine : season 1 whipped up while season 6 was running . 1993 was tv sci-fi heaven with fans getting a double dose of st for the year . this means for the folks who have been watching tos and tng , now is the time to do a special chronological order of star dates alternating between tng season 6 and ds9 season 1. you can find the order if you search the new for it . tng has really good stories while ds9 gets the effects . we are no longer happy to see a new interactive flat panel as the driving force of a story . season 6 answers with substance to characters and stories with some surprises ( picard acting like a russian is hysterical . would you sacrifice his authority role for that quality humour from him from time to time ? maybe yes ! ) . the conclusion of " time 's arrow " is not the best cliff-hanger but sufficient . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data and dr. beverly crusher . ensign wesley crusher ( who departed from season four half way and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining seasons ) returns for some episodes but is mainly replaced by the new ensign ro laren , a bajoran . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien but will be transferred to ds9 ( his absence is not mentioned ) . whoopi goldberg 's guinan is back along with alexander rozhenko . keiko o'brien , ( miles o'brien 's wife ) will also leave for ds9. lieutenant reginald barclay , engineer is back after being absent from season 5. season 6 of tng is mostly about transporter psychosis , empaths , scotty ! , alien abductions , q , age regression , android dreams , artificial life , cardassians , prof . moriarty , love , romulan defection , destiny , klingon birthrights , thieves , command ethics , origins of life , insanity , murder , faith , doubles , time travel and the borg . like season 5 most the episodes in season 6 have above average sci-fi stories , combing planetary exploration and the life of the crew . memorable episodes include , a fistful of datas , the quality of life , ship in a bottle , face of the enemy , birthright and lessons . there are three very good episodes which really make the season worth . tapestry sees picard given the opportunity to relive his youth without the night he fought with a gang who stabbed him through the heart . suspicion is a great whodunit episode ( of which there are a few ) with one of the coolest star trek aliens ever ( should have made him a main character ) . descent part i is a very nice slight of hand trick . you will keep thinking hugh right up until the last second . season 7 star trek : season 7 is of course winding down to a conclusion , making way for some star trek films , but in reality it is deep space nine : season 2 ( ds9 : season 1 starts in star date chronological order with tng : season 6 ) that is the new trek . fans of star trek got their twofold measure of these series through 1993 and 1994 making it an exceptional sf tv era . the conclusion of " descent , part ii " has the finale of lore . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data and dr. beverly crusher . ensign wesley crusher ( who departed from season four half way and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining seasons ) returns for one episode . while ensign ro laren , a bajoran , was supposed to replace him , she only appears in one episode in season 7 , although the episode is a major one focused on her . colm meaney shows up again as miles edward o'brien for the last episode . whoopi goldberg 's guinan is gone without explanation ( see the movie " star trek : nemesis " on her ) . alexander rozhenko is back . keiko o'brien , ( miles o'brien 's wife ) is not here either ( after leaving for ds9 ) . lieutenant reginald barclay , engineer , is back again . season 6 of tng is mostly about lore , emotional studies , interfaces , mercenaries , nightmares , psychic trauma , beverly and picard , warp travel environmental damage , data 's mother , alternate realities , the pegasus , worf 's human brother , incubus , top secret missions , radiation sickness , deities , troi and worf , reverse evolution , wesley and the traveller , klingon right of ascension , picard 's son , abiogenesis , ro laren and time travel . while there are some hit and miss episodes and a really terrible one ( " masks " for example is one of the worst of the entire franchise ) most are well above average and some are incredible . memorable episodes include , gambit , forces of nature , inheritance , lower decks , thine own self , journey 's end and bloodlines . the pegasus is probably the best episode of the season , but the finale " all good things.. . " is really where it is at with some good aging effects , a possible future with an older looking cast and an futuristic enterprise to die for . the series ends very warmly and with a nicer note about the possibilities of looking within instead of charting stars and galaxies for a newer greater trek . in short there is nothing like st:tng . it evolved tv serials into mega media and ran for a full span of 7 years . it set a new benchmark and placed the bar as high as the stars . all we can say about this awe-inspiring series can be summed up in one word.. . ...amen . 
books pos 178.txt i bought this book in lieu of the 2005 guiness book of world records , and i do n't regret the decision at all . this is a huge book - 250 pages - with thousands of interesting and bizzare tidbits in categories such as " amazing earth " , " body and mind " , " wonders of science " , " fun and games " , and " beyond belief " . i had never watched the ripley 's show or read any other ripley 's books before . the facts are just as fascinating as in guiness , but they are presented in a more fun , colorful , and kid - friendly way . this would make a great present for any kid ( or grown - up kid ) , even for those who do n't read much . the editing is n't the greatest , and i found one fact that is repeated twice in two different sections ( see if you can catch it ! ) but i still give it a full 5 stars ! and.. . the cover makes me kind of dizzy , but that 's okay . ; - 
music neg 621.txt this is junk not music.neon moon is the worst song ever ! it is so boring and dull.and a cool drink of water is a horribly written and sung song ! this music bores me ! leave it alone and stick to rap , rock , or metal.country sucks 
books neg 18.txt all throughtout this book alex delaware and his police friend milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover . they have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture . the reader longs for the pair to actually do something . in the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings . that is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking . i read and enjoyed several of the early alex delaware books and then quit looking for new ones , now i know why 
books pos 284.txt sorry i just wrote this so that there would be 667 votes and not 666 im not very religous but i find that number to be very strange and disturbing . holla back im going to buy this boo 
health pos 14.txt i just finished a 4 day golf tournament that was brutal . 6 hour rounds played in 90 degree heat with high humidity . during a practice round a couple of days before the tournament started i really got drained of energy after about 12 holes . i was unprepared and it made a sport that i normally enjoy into an unpleasant experience . for the tournament rounds i packed a small cooler with gatorade , nature valley fruit and nut bars , and chocolate flavored clif builder 's bars . i drank water and gatorade throughout each round and alternated the bars every 3-4 holes . it really made a difference . each day i felt like i had the energy and endurance for a great round . if only my golf game was as good as these bars . they tasted great and keeping them in a cooler kept them from melting in the heat . i highly recommend chocolate clif builder 's bars . kevin decke 
dvd neg 544.txt let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , " the descent " was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , " the descent " " the descent " begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though " the descent " was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . " the descent " is unrated and contains violence and language 
camera neg 193.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
health neg 880.txt my girls bought this for their step dad for his birthday . he wo n't even listen to it any more because he has to reset the station every time he turns it on . we can never find the station we like without having another radio on to find it . the main reason he quit listening is because after i spent time trying to set the station in the morning , during his shower the station would automatically change to another one , give me a break ! this is a worthless radio , it does n't even deserve 1 star 
software neg 651.txt the product was fine , but , i received an older version and as a result i could n't properly update it even after registering it . as a result , i purchased the newest version available directly from lavasoft and it works fine and i have had no trouble updating it . why did n't you specify what version it was on your website ; then i could have made an informed decision ? 
books pos 908.txt lovers of mr. rochester beware - in this , his second book of literary puzzles , john sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards , amongst other things , undoing the good reputation enjoyed by jane eyres brooding hero . bronte fans , brace yourself for some idol-smashing . as in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers ( the wonderful is heathcliff a murderer ? ) , sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of western literatures most intriguing questions . though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions sutherland comes to ( we have to have a talk , he and i , about mr. rochesters moral integrity ) as a writer he is always witty , as a thinker always innovative , and as a guide through literatures most baffling conundrums , always genial . buy this book and i promise not only will you learn something ( and , if youre anything like me , get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about jane eyres prospects for bliss , etc. ) - but youll also have a heck of a lot of fun 
dvd pos 271.txt i had never watched this film before ordering it , so i took the chance . it turned out to be a smart buy ! as usual , peck is just awesome . he seems to fit this role well , as if it captures a true part of his persona as a family man . as the movie continues you realize that you can relate to the character on a personal level . i enojoyed the flashback sequences and thought they were placed well throughout the film . overall , this movie supplies drama and action for the viewer . so , if you are considering purchasing this dvd , i 'd suggest you buy it . you 'll enjoy it 
camera pos 119.txt got the lowero slingshot 100 about 2 months ago , and it is really coming in handy . in the main area , it holds my pentax digital slr with one lens mounted , 1 rather small lens and 1 decently big zoom lens ( 80-320mm ) , plus a sigma ef-500 super flash . it 's packed in there , and the flash just barely fits , but i do n't need much more room . the top compartment holds extra batteries , recharger , etc. really easy to access the main pocket when it is on my back...just by pulling the case to my front ( no need to take it off my back ) . well made . zippers are strong so i do n't have to worry about one loosening and my equipment falling out . perfect for the amateur to semi-pro photographer . 
camera neg 521.txt i 've had this camera just over a year ( figures ) and it has gone completely bonkers on me . sometimes it works and other times it puts black lines across the screen making it useless . you never know when you turn it on whether it will work or not - - making it completely unreliable . keep in mind that this camera was used almost entirely inside for my business , so it was n't abused , dropped , thrown in the bottom of a purse , etc. it was treated very carefully and probably only shot about 2 , 000 pictures total . frankly , i 'm kind of glad it broke so that i have an excuse to replace it . here 's why : 1. takes beautiful still shots , but forget about any kind of action . it takes too long between shots to get good action . it also blurs nearly all the action shots i 've ever taken , regardless of what mode it 's in . 2. the red-eye is aweful . it should do better . i doubt that i 'll ever buy another canon 
health neg 612.txt i purchased this because it was so cute , and had the conair name . within 6 weeks , the bulb blew out , and i started looking for a replacement . ive been to all the local places , and everyplace i could find online . in an obscure place i found the bulb with the right voltage but not the right wattage . the only place i could get the correct bulb was on the conair website - - but they make you buy 10 bulbs , then charge $9.00 for handling . the cost is more than just buying a new mirror ! a rip off 
dvd neg 709.txt i viewed this dvd and would give it a 1 out of 5 stars . this is great if you are in college and researching male dancers or something but otherwise it 's kind of lame . it shows about 5 dancers in one club and they interview various women in the club and get their opinions about strippers . i still have not made the connection as to why ron jeremy has anything to do with this documentary ! ladies , if you are expecting to see skin , this dvd shows very little . others may have a limmited interest if you have followed the male dancer trends in the us . 
music pos 532.txt i originally purchased this cd at a local store . so many of my friends and family loved it that i ordered 4 more from amazon at a fraction of the cost . it is a superb cd and i recommend it to all . 
books pos 681.txt i used to draw animals and buildings years ago and decided i wanted to go back to that . and add fantasy creatures to my ability . this books covers drawing people , creatures and buildings . if you already having some drawing skill , this book is a great help . 
music pos 197.txt this cd is truly a classic and one of my all-time favorites . love it 
dvd pos 474.txt just received this as a gift from the easter bunny , and watched half the episodes today without one skip , hiccup or any other problem of any kind . if you 're a fan of the show , these dvds are a must have , period . relive the good old days with the best show on television and order these- -and all the other seasons- -now ! 
dvd pos 869.txt i think " be my valentine , charlie brown " was fine . the only sad things were when charlie brown did n't get any valentines until a day later , and when linus missed giving valentine treats to his teacher . i would have felt the same way as violet when charlie brown was n't getting valentines . i would say charlie brown should have gotten as many valentines as the others . everybody is too mean to him ! " a charlie brown valentine " was swell because it was n't as sad . on this one , charlie brown seems to go after the little red haired girl through most of it . he wanted to dance with her , but couldn't . what sounded odd to me was that peppermint patty sent him a valentine this time . it would only sound like her if she really loved charlie brown 
music pos 13.txt i can honestly say that when i first heard scarling 's " so long , scarecrow " , i was less than impressed . i 've been into scarling for a few years now , and when i heard their first record , " sweet heart dealer " , i instantly fell in love . i somewhat held it above everything else , i was so impressed by it . so when i heard the progression from shd to sls , i was a little bit let down . but after three solid listens , from first to last , i was totally amazed by this record . it was like something clicked and i was able to see the beauty each track held . i seriously listen to this cd almost everyday . although i prefer some tracks to others [ ( northbound on ) cauhenga ! ] , i really ca n't think of one track that i just do n't like . it now takes place in my favorites over shd . i feel that this record can really appeal to anyone ; it 's very versatile . and , as always , jessicka 's beautiful vocals compliment the indescribable amazingness of the music wonderfully . if you 're indecisive about purchasing this record , i say bite the bullet , give it a few solid listens , and promptly be blown away 
health neg 37.txt although i have used many electronic cuff devices in the past , this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings . firstly , the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way . in a clinical setting , it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings . it is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement . i have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what i considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way . imagine had i taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result . as a rule , i never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings . many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security . if you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting , please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions . 
music neg 530.txt as others have noted , this turns out to be only a handful of lullabyes in spanish sung by maria del rey , plus nursery rhymes spoken by children and men ( not very good for putting a baby to sleep ) , plus the whole thing repeated in english . in addition , i had been looking for traditional latin american pieces and apparently all of these are contemporary . do n't waste your money...i 'm planning on giving my copy away if i can figure out someone i know who could actually use it 
camera neg 946.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon 
books pos 405.txt this is the best reference i 've seen for it interviews . i 've seen many of these questions at interviews and at one it appeared they had pulled questions from the book . the technology specific questions are excellent 
dvd pos 863.txt style : salsa exercise level : very fit this is now the best latin exercise dvd on the market . it is a salsa style exercise dvd . it contains pure ny shines with some salsa rhythm inspired dance steps . it is a much better routine than her first dvd which was geared towards the beginner market . this dvd is made more for the serious salsa dancer who is already fit . for people looking for a salsa shine video this would be a great start . i must point out you would have to be fit to do this dvd . it is very fast paced . buy lisa 's first dvd to prepare yourself for this dvd 
dvd pos 376.txt i saw this film a few years back on tv and really enjoyed it , but i notice it is presented in full screen format . is this the correct aspect ratio ? i hate to buy a botched pan / scan version....can anyone help me out ? ? ? ? ? ? 
books neg 190.txt when i purchased this book i expected it would be life from a particular bacteria 's perspective . by this i mean , & quot ; well , today our host started a new antibacterial therapy . the last round of therapy was tough , but we managed to make it through unscathed . i 'm confident we 'll survive . &quot ; unfortunately , what i read was a scientific book written in non-scientific language . as a biology major in college and a medical student now , i 've read many scientific books written in scientific language . so many that they are pretty much all i can relate to anymore . ha ! actually , that statement has more truth in it than i care to admit , but i thought this book would be a nice change of pace . instead , it 's a listing of information about a certain bacterial species that i could have extracted from bergey's . the book is undramatic and uninteresting . i would n't recommend it to anyone 
dvd pos 75.txt this has to be the best of the alien films ! this film , although not as scary as the original ( i mean that it did not scare me as much as alien ) , it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first . also , this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series . go on , buy the collector 's edition of the first and this and enjoy 
dvd pos 98.txt this movie is funny and by being so bold in so many ways is refreshing . it presents realistic characters without worrying about offending people by presenting sterotypes . it takes the time to develope the story effectively without boring the audience . it is a long movie but it moves at a great and effective pace . it is full of laughs . joe pesci is one of the best comic actors of all time . i do n't think that anyone else could have pulled of the part of vinny nearly as well . marisa was great as well and it was hard to find a performance that was less than great . the writing and directing , two things that often get overlooked , was wonderful . the only weakness ? the case is a little fantastic . it is hard to believe the coincidences in the movie that lead to the boys being accused of the crime . of course movie plots do n't have to make perfect sense but this stretches it . though i usually do n't like excessive foul language , this movie uses it in a funny way . i guess it would n't work without it.. . but do n't be mistaken....it has a lot of bad language . do n't let kids under 17 watch it without supervision 
software neg 642.txt i 've been using a win 98 version of this software for years and the opportunity to upgrade to the xp version was tempting . however , it does not work at all in my portuguese xp . after searching for the misterious error code through the manufacturer 's database i was informed that it does not work in non-english win xp . all the previous versions worked fine in my pcs but this one was totally disappointing . living in brazil , i had to give up my money since the shipping costs were about the same value i would recover . shame on them 
music neg 451.txt eric reed is a monster pianist . under the right circumstances , he could record a christmas album that would become an instant classic . this , however , is an unfortunate example of what happens when an overconfident artist tries to do everything himself . reed produced and arranged this album himself . probably if he had hired an objective producer , that producer would have told him to hire an arranger . reed 's arrangements are second-rate . his version of " santa claus is coming to town " has been downshifted into a parody that serves as the worst example of an annoying trend : reed attempts to put a fresh twist on nearly every song . it 's an admirable goal , but he does n't have what it takes ; and the result is like a restaurant that serves hamburgers with a knife and fork , and swordfish crumbled over salad . it just does n't work . i hope this is n't the last christmas album from eric reed . he 's one of the truly original voices of his generation ; and with his gospel background and feel for the blues , there 's no doubt in my mind he could record an album that would rival " a charlie brown christmas . " but this is n't it . he needs to hand over the reins of his next project and focus on the piano 
software neg 303.txt i bought omnipage 15 yesterday morning as a download , and have been trying to activate it ever since . after several calls to customer service , forty minutes on hold to speak with a tech rep ( who emailed me two links that do n't open ) , i 'm no closer to being able to use this program . it seemed to work okay in the few intro uses allowed before you had to activate to continue , but even then it kept wanting to reload with every page i scanned in . the product might be a good one- -i 'm not a fair judge of that- -if only you can get it to work . as others have pointed out , tech support is expensive . if my experience is any measure , it 's also worthless . customer service is unresponsive , unpleasant , and unprofessional . in one call to customer service , i was asked if i typed the letters in the serial number as capitals and the o 's as zeroes . when assured that i had , several times , she replied , " then i ca n't help you- -call the tech department , " and abruptly hung up . to add irritation to insult , in the forty minutes i was on hold with the tech department , i listened to repeated assurances that a " reepersentative " would be with me shortly . not recommended . 
music pos 695.txt i thought this album was good not great , but saying that i do recomend it to everyone because it does have some great songs it . the best songs on the cd to are . 2. comfortable liar 3. send the pain below 4. closure 5. the red 6. wonder what 's next and my favorite track is #2 it sounded so sweet , you will love that song 
dvd pos 897.txt i 'm not a golfing buff , but found the story and golf very good . i enjoyed this movie very much 
music neg 437.txt i hate it when rock stars form those g0d awful " supergroups " . ca n't people see that putting a whole bunch of different people from different bands together in one band is just a marketing scam and nothing more ? there 's no such thing as a good supergroup . the supergroup is the only kind of band that deliberately tries to $uck . when damn yankees released their 1990 debut , every song on it was so incredibly generic , there was no hope for this band . the whole album seemed rushed and thrown together . they had nothing meaningful to say with these songs , it just seemed like they were pumping out filler and hoping somebody would be stupid enough to fall for their " supergroup " scam . the big , booming , arena rock choruses just ring hollow . i guess they 're trying to be catchy and have memorable hooks , but to me , it just sounds like a lot of filler . supergroups will always suck , because they diliberately try to sound bad ! thats right people ! supergroup members know that since they 're already popular , the album they 're putting out is guaranteed to be a big seller- -- - " why bother trying to come up with good songs ? we 're already popular , so people will buy it no matter how bad it is ! lets just put out filler . " supergroups are a total farce , its just easy money for the people involved , and nothing more . if you buy any album by any supergroup , than you my friend , are a sucker ! if you want to hear shaw or blades at their best , just keep listening to any styx or night ranger album , and avoid anything by damn yankees , or any other supergroup 
camera pos 838.txt when the etx-90pe works , it works very well and makes astronmomy an easy hobby to get into . let me elaborate . first , the best telescope is the one you use most often . all too frequently people buy big telescopes that are heavy to carry , and that need frequent adjustment . the little etx weighs less than 20 lbs all set up ( including tripod ) , and never needs adjustment . it encourages frequent use . second , one of the most challenging aspects of astronomy , especially for the newcomer , is finding objects to look at . if you are not familiar with the night sky and where things are located , it can get very frustrating spending up to 30 minutes just to find one object to look at ! the etx 's built in computer makes finding objects easy - just select what you want to see from a menu , and the scope will automatically point to it . the optical quality of the etx is excellent . the manufacturer , meade , does a very good job of turning out optical systems that rank with the best . some of the most rewarding objects - the moon , jupiter , saturn , and the orion nebula look wonderful through this telescope . one final positive to mention is the ease of setup . the pe models are the easiest of all telescope to get up and running . just turn on the power , press one key on the hand held computer controller , and in a few moments the telescope will start aligning itself so that it will automtically find objects for you . you do n't need to worry about where north is , or what the current date , time , and location are . now some cautions . first , the etx-90 is a small telescope , and will not show as much as a larger one . that is the trade-off with getting a portable instrument . there are larger etx models that are almost as portable , so these might be a consideration . also , understand that there will be a learning curve when using the built in computer . it 's not hard , but you need to have some patience while you learn the procedure . finally , be prepared for some quality control issues . as good as the optics are , some etx 's have some mechanical problems that require a return to the factory for warranty repair . my own etx-90pe had to go back to the factory twice . but once all the problems were fixed , it was well worth it ! on this note , you can purchase an extended warranty from the manufacturer at a reasonable price , and i would recommend doing so 
books pos 575.txt once i got super glue on my fingers and i tried everything ! ! and i could'nt get it of so i got out the book and it gave me the soultion 
dvd pos 560.txt in this movie we once again see mad max ( sans hot car ) wandering around in a post apocalyptic world until he discovers bartertown in the wasteland.mel gibson tries valiantly to channel such on screen loners as clint eastwood and john wayne but only succeeds in making his character look inarticulate with poor social skills . however he becomes a threat to the matriarch of the town by the name of aunty emteevee ( or something like that ) . then mel kicks a lot of butt in the process . this is a dismal tedious movie which is only redeemed by the fact that it was filmed in the outback opal mining town of coober pedy which i visited a few years ago 
dvd neg 620.txt even though amanda is quite attractive , the camera work is bad , the lack of professionalism throughout make this naked yoga dvd a bitter disappointment . there are few close-ups and when the camera operater tries to get in close focus goes out the window . a bit of rehearsal may have made the actual yoga scenes a bit better . if you are looking for an accidentally soft focus dvd of a relatively pretty young lady doing joga naked while she discusses what she is to do with the photographer and looking lost , this is for you 
dvd neg 722.txt with the all star lineup this movie had , i would 've thought that they could be better utilized than a story on the gov . of lousiana . this could have been a really good gangster flick - all the people were avaialable . sean penn instead of all his hand waving and droning on and on about something i really could not follow , could have put his skills onto something better . this movie is a complete waste of talent , money - you name it 
health pos 551.txt i have to write a review for the below review ( the one i have in quotes ) . the below reviewer states this is 170 watts and you need 1875 watts . i nearly fell off my seat ! not only by the review but by how many people recommended it ! first , 100 watts is average for a hair straighter . 170 watts is excellent ! 1875 would melt your hair ! i did not think it was fair that this person rated the item without having knowledge on wattage . " this straightener only has 170 watts of heating power . that is not a very good number ! if you want salon-straight hair you need a ceramic straightener with 1875 watts.. . especially if you have thick or very frizzy hair ! 
camera neg 38.txt to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200. 
camera pos 808.txt very easy to use , multiple languages , something nice and easy for even unexperienced users . recommend to anybody buy it , it 's worth it . and the price is right for the features and mp . i would not hesitate to pay more for this camera . kodak has done wonderful job with this on 
software pos 323.txt i have been using frontpage 2003 and decided that web expression web was the next stage in my website building hobby . it was easy to install , and i can still use frontpage 2003 on my existing websites . no need for frontpage extensions which will be a plus on one of the server hosts i use . also bought " using microsoft expression web " by jim cheshire . an excellent book . still have much to learn , but looks like fun 
software pos 870.txt i really like omniform 5. actually i 'm using version 5.1 and i 'm very satisfied with it . i was using another forms program i had purchased that was adequate but not nearly as good . after using formtool i have a much greater appreciation of omniform . scansoft has been on my list of not to buy software recently because of some of the poor performance of some of their other programs , tech support is expensive from scansoft and none of their software that i have used have been easy to learn using the manuals or help files . in contrast omniform was well worth the money . omniform 5 does a great job of either creating forms from scratch , scanning or converting from pdf . it 's the only forms program i have tried so far that actually does a great job of importing a form from a pdf file . its has all the tools you need to create a form starting with a blank page . you can define any field with a variety of formats . example you can create a date field with a specific format then no matter how the data is input the program will automatically reformat the data the way you specified . you can create just about any field simply by dragging a symbol from a menu onto the page . in the case of inserting a graphic you can choose to have the graphic saved with the form or not saving with the form itself to conserve file size . you can have the graphic resized by the program with little loss of quality . features such as these might be available in other programs of this type but i found omniform to do the best job with creating a form field by field with the least effort . scanning in of a form is almost flawless . it even recognized fields on the paper form that were meant to be circled and created the field for them . other programs i have used could not do this well if at all . the only adjustments i had to make on scanned forms were sometimes omniform recognized text as bold when it was n't and occasionally it would change the font . for example it would change arial to times new roman on some spots of the form . strange quirk . to get a form imported from a pdf file you have to open the pdf file and print to omniform . this is very accurate with little adjustment necessary after import . omniform really shines in this area . but i did notice if the form your importing from pdf has multiple pages omniform will give you an out of memory error when you try to save . to overcome this flaw you have to import one page at a time , creating a new page each time in omniform to make a multi page form from pdf . a little time consuming when you have a 9 page form . it will create a self running .exe form you can e-mail and the person on the other end can fill out the form and send it back . this works even the other person does not have omniform on their machine . because some people filter out .exe file attachments the program also creates a .html version of the form . this is a very handy feature . the help file is not of much use . the paper manual is better but still lacking . if you have problems tech support from scansoft is expensive . but there is a user support forum you can get to through the support page on the scansoft web site . i have used the forum with great success . overall this program is a little difficult to use with some quirks and needed features like being able to import and save a multiple page form from pdf . but well worth the effort to use as it is the most accurate forms program i have used . i do recommend this program . if the flaws i mentioned were corrected i would give this program 5 stars 
music neg 352.txt this cd is the worst " comedy " cd i have ever heard . yet the reviews on here mostly claim it was hilarious ? ? ? ? ok , i 've come to the conclusion , the only people writing positive reviews on amazon must be the people trying to sell the junk . i 've seen this guy on some tv shows , and on comedy central , and he 's a somewhat funny guy , but it is painful to listen to this cd . you can feel the awkwardness of the crowd , not knowing if or when to laugh . and it continues throughout the entire cd . there do n't seem to be any jokes on the cd at all . it is all disconnected negative rants from a bitter angry human being . do n't believe me ? then go ahead and waste your money on this horrible piece of junk , and see for yourself . like my review title says , do not read the positive reviews . just read the negative ones , and decide how credible they seem . then make your decision to buy or not buy 
camera pos 144.txt there are already tons of reviews on the eos 300d ( digital rebel ) but i do want to share my experience with the camera , so i will keep this short . i bought this camera about 5 months ago and i am in love with . i was not new to photography or to slr 's , but new to the world of digital slr . i had previously used an ancient minolta x-570 , a " pro-sumer " 35mm film slr with a vivitar 35-105 standard zoom lens . first and foremost this camera takes excellent pictures , very high quality and no distortion that i have seen . this camera is particularly good as a beginner 's dslr because there are so many options to use and learn . but until you are ready to take advantage of all the featues , you can use this just like a point and shoot . battery life has been excellent so far : thought i would suggest getting an extra to have as a backup for long days of taking photos . i have also been quite happy with the kit lens , which i was n't sure i would like since it is not as versatile as the lens i had been using on my minolta . but the kit lens has proved to be a great learning tool : i have been able to take some great shots , while also learning what kinds of other , better lenses i would like to add to my setup . **the only issue i have had was a problem with a sandisk 2gb cf card . after about 300 shots , the camera froze and stopped responding to that card . i was able to salvage most of the photos after the fact , but do n't risk it . if you 're serious enough to spend this kind of money on a camera , spend a little extra money on the sandisk ultra ii line of high-speed cards . 
health pos 173.txt i can say before i started to use this product i was always afraid of wearing white clothings but tide to go has totally changed everything . initially i thought this was just a gimmick but i thought it was worth a try , ...soo...i bought it with me during our two-week trip with my parents in august..and it came handy...my dad bought a brand new white jacket and had it put on immediately and then decided to drink a cup of coffee..unfortunately , he spilled the coffee on the white jacket when he tried to open the lid to put sugar in it...my mother immediately wiped the coffee off with napkins..the coffee stain , however , was still there...then..i remember i had put a tide-to-go in my purse...i immediately used it on all coffee stains on the white jacket...and to my surpise , all the brown spots resulted from the coffee spill were gone...amazing..i have used this on different kind of food stains . i 've used it on coffee stain , spaghetti sauce stain , juice stain and they all worked . my mother , my mother-in-law , and my sister-in law they were all so amazed at the result that they all asked me for one to carry with them . nowadays i do n't leave home without one in my purse..i used to be afraid of wearing white clothings , i am no longer afraid of wearing whites because of tide-to-go..this is definitely a useful product to carry with you everywhere you go..oh..as far as the smell goes..the smell is bearable to me...and in order to use it you have to push it down to get the actual fluid to flow out through the tip of the tide-to-go marker . 
camera pos 874.txt i purchased the pentax k10d digital slr about four weeks ago , and am very happy with this camera and the two lenses- -18-55mm and 50-200mm . with the shake reduction and anti-dust features , you can ` t go wrong . if you went with canon or nikon , you would pay through the nose for their lenses . the construction is very solid with seals that help prevent dust and water entering the camera.the features of the k10d make it a joy to use . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone moving up to a digital slr . i am age 81 , so it ` s never too late to move up the ladder . w.c.rhyn 
music neg 749.txt i ca n't believe none of the other reviews of the ultra lounge series state that these cd 's contain almost all instrumental music , with very few songs that feature vocals . i expect a lounge music cd to have a mix of both vocal and instrumental tracks , and of the four ultra lounge cd 's i purchased , i count only three songs with vocals on all four of them . while the instrumental songs do fit the genre of lounge music , they tend to blend into one another and become mundane after hearing several of them . the titles of the ultra lounge cd 's ( such as bachelor pad or bossanova ) mean very little , as each cd fails to distinguish itself from any other because of all of the instrumental tracks . the best lounge cd i have heard so far is from an unlikely source . i purchased it at pottery barn , and it has a great mix of vocal and instrumental songs . keep this in mind when buying lounge music cd 's so that you wo n't be disappointed the way i was with the ultra lounge series 
music pos 911.txt i gotta be honest , when i first listened to this album i was dissapointed . but like any truly amazing album , it just took some decoding , listening to the songs multiple times reaaaallly helps to appreciate what these guys are doing . essentially , gat are four people who are amazing at what they do , and we should feel lucky that they have found a way to mesh together perfectly . their first album , emphasizer , blew me away , but i felt it lost steam around halfway through . this album does no such thing , and what is more impressive is that this is an all acoustic album , which means skerik is using the natural sound of his sax as opposed to the various effects that he is known for . this gives the album a much more natural feel and it shows that these four are able to make amazing music without any wizardry in the production department . but dont get me wrong , this cd sounds amazing . anyway , i saw them live last night in nyc , and they blew my mind.. . i recommend this cd to anyone , and see them live if you get the rare opportunity ! 
software pos 514.txt great backup solution . i install a second hard drive into someones computer and then let the software run and then forget about it . never fails . have not done a restore yet , but i would imagine it would be easy since i have an image of the hard drive and then the data that is up to date . also , bought the software from a vendor that amazon recommends , i do n't no why they do this , but the software listed on amazon is $49.99 which is the right price . i bought two from a vendor for $15.00 each . wow what a savings and a great markup for me 
books pos 257.txt his basic thesis is that a liberal empire can be a greatly positive force in the world , and that the united states is already an empire , but that our inablility to acknowledge the fact leads us to waste our opportunities to be the afore mentioned positive force . ferguson writes that america is plagued by an attention deficit disorder and too much love of the good life . thus , we get distracted too easily from important events overseas , and when we do try to intervene , we want quick fixes and low costs . i could n't agree more with most of these points . as an american , i 'm greatly ashamed of our collective ignorance . i hate feeling like a foreigner in my our country because i watch the news or can find sumatra on a map . also , the book strikes a chord with me because of my frustration with half measures in foreign interventions . countless times , i believe america has done more harm than good by , if you will , talking the talk but not walking the walk . if we commit to something , we need to follow through . this is as true in iraq today as it has been in the past . we 've claimed to support democracy in latin america , but then turned bannana republics into bannana autocracies . we greatly prolonged and increased vietnam 's suffering without changing the end result at all . with all this commonality , however , there are a few leaps of logic that ferguson makes that i ca n't bring myself to agree with . basically , he did n't sell me on the thought that the imperial model is the best way to develop the world . how are we supposed to know what is best for everyone ? wo n't our own biases and self interests inevitably distort even our most altruistic efforts ? when ferguson hold 's up the british empire as a model of success , i ca n't help but notice that the best results came only to those places of british colonization , with horrendous consequences for each of the native populations there . and the two greatest examples of beneficial american imperialism - japan and germany - were already highly developed before world war ii , so it probably was n't that much of a wonder that we were able to help them return to such a state . even if the positive power of empire is conceded , there are important differences between the state of world during the british empire and the state of the world now . it 's a concern of immunity from repercussions . in the golden age of imperialism , europe was in a kind of splendid isolation from its empires . not to say that there were no reprercussions , but , with the only modern navies in the world , europe was immune to any very serious threats . on the other hand , in today 's world , as an effect of globalization , power has become more decentralized in some respects . think wmds , terrorists , and foreign investments in the u.s. economy , for example . can america as easily afford to make enemies in the developing world as the british could ? in the end " colossus " did n't settle any agruments for me , but raised new and interesting questions . it is a book that makes you think , and that in and of itself is worth four stars . 
camera pos 322.txt it gave me the option to change the angle of the light.. . this is a nice option to have i am sure 
software neg 611.txt i 've been a long time user of trend micro 's pccillin but after reading poor reviews on their latest version i decided i did n't want to take a chance on it so i went looking for different anti-virus software . i stumbled onto this zonealarm ( piece of junk ) and after reading mostly wonderful reviews i down loaded their trial . it did n't seem too bad . after a few weeks i bought this 3 computer suite and installed it . i went a while longer and notice my computer 's performance was not as good as it was . i downloaded upgrades and uninstalled old versions and installed new . now after about a month my computer is practically unusable ( as well as the kid 's - they have been screaming about slow computer since the start ) . this zonealarm is the worst software i have ever used . it hogs cpu and memory . it gets the cpu usage to 80 - 100% and it does n't free it up . i shut down all programs and cpu just keeps churning away . the interesting thing is that at times i would check task manager processes and system idle would be 90% but when you check the performance tab the cpu chart would be near 100% ? go figure ! i finally said enough and uninstalled it ( and deleted every occurrence of zonealarm out of the registry ) and downloaded trend micro 's pccillin . it 's installed and i got my old machine back . log-ins take 40 seconds were they would take over 3 minutes with za . cpu is back to normal . you could n't give me this cr*ppy software . i wish i would have stuck with pccillin and saved the $40 
dvd pos 551.txt one of the best new sitcoms in recent years.. . up until i got the dvd i had no idea bob saget was the narrator.. . neil patrick harris is very funny as barney ( who names thier kid that these days ? ) and basically makes the show what it is...... . legendary ! 
music neg 445.txt me especially i cannot hate on cam cuz i got his first albums and thats when he was serious lyrically . either the money went to his head or he just ran outta s*** to say . and judgin that his subject matter stays the same i guesss its true . dude spits some retarded a** lyrics . i give this cd a two cuz of the beats . but this dude is a certified beatwaster . these producers need to give these beats to rappers who can actually spit bars . this n***a sumtimes do n't even rhyme 
books neg 470.txt i personally do not see how this book could have won a newbery medal . while the author portrays sibling rivalry effectively , that is about the only positive aspect of this book . the fact that the teenage girl protagonist has a crush on an elderly man is disgusting and is presented as not only being acceptable but understandable . sara 's family is also unsupportive to her sulky and jealous attitudes . her grandmother is a busybody and consantly antagonizes the family . sara 's twin sister gets all the attention and love , leaving sara starving for parental care . finally , christianity is portrayed as harsh and judgemental . this book could possibly be acceptable for adults but never for children and i would not recommend it to anyone . i wasted my time with this book : please do n't waste yours . 
camera neg 976.txt i do n't know what case others got , some have said " too tight " but mine was very loose . the camera is swimming around in the case , easily half a centimeter of clearance . not recommended . just buy the battery and wait for someone to make a good aftermarket case . 
health neg 724.txt this item was recommended in a magazine article for calluses on your feet , so i bought this specifically for that use . i used the triangular pumice attachment only.i was under the impression that the attachment would rotate , but in general it 's just a vibrating ( 2 levels ) machine with attachments that you move around your body manually . the vibrations were n't intense enough to make any difference . the actual machine has no function . the body resurfacing cream which has little scrubbing crystals was ok , but can easily be used without this machine 
books neg 656.txt for the most part , the author seems to have pretty good information for the time of the book 's printing , but for anyone who wants to read this book on purely scientific terms , be warned ; there are several places where the book goes awry , for example : the author states that tracks of tyrranosaurus indicate that it was a solitary animal , occasionally hunting in pairs . problem : no tracks of a t . rex have been discovered to date , a decade and a half after the writing . aside from that and a few other points , though , the book is good reading 
camera pos 988.txt love my new jvc everio . the original model just used compact flash cards , but the new everio gz uses an ipod like hard drive that lets you store a year 's worth of video on it ! tape is definitely dead , and dvd camcorder 's 30 mintues a disc does n't hold a candle to the everio . the only issue i had was that the software that come with it was pretty basic , but all the other video editing software programs did n't recognize the everio video files ( .mod files which contain mpeg2 video and dolby stereo audio ) . i did finally find adobe premiere elements 2.0 which supports this new file type natively . it has made editing a breeze . 
camera neg 867.txt i bought this item as a gift , and it ended up becoming mine . i have to say , i am greatly dissatisfied . here are some main issues i am having with the camera : 1. it is very poorly designed . the look and the feel of the camera are not elegant . buttons are really ugly , and operating the camera is awkward , and for some functions requires both hands to operate. . 2. the camera has been having issues with turning on and off occasionally . 3. the worst , by far , is the picture quality . colors are just plain terrible . automatic settings are a disaster of photography . i have used a canon ( 2mp ) before getting this one ( 5mp ) . the canon was far superior in quality , colors , lighting. . i do n't need large files of trash , i am perfectly fine with smaller files with great pictures . as a result , i am strongly recommending getting a different camera . i have had great experiences with canon ; and seems like sony and nikon are doind a good job too . but hp must stop making cameras , and indeed many other devices . 
health pos 150.txt i love this product . its the first one i 've found where i can practically have wash and go curly hair . just put work it through damp hair and let it air dry or twist around fingers for defined curls 
music neg 852.txt best of dark horse is another half-hearted attempt to gather george harrison 's greatest songs together . this time we only get tracks from 1976 to 1989. while there are some good songs ( blow away , crackerbox palace , cheer down , etc. ) the rest do n't represent his best songs from this period . where 's faster , this is love , someplace else , etc ? the only reasons to purchase this cd are for the rarities poor little girl , cockamamie business and cheer down . until they make a true best of , we 'll have to make our own single-disc compilation . here are the tracks needed : apple scruffs , my sweet lord , all things must pass , what is life , give me love ( give me peace on earth ) , living in the material world , crackerbox palace , blow away , all those years ago , dream away , cloud 9 , this is love , someplace else , got my mind set on you , end of the line , handle with care , cheer down , devil 's been busy , any road , rising sun . [dw] 
books pos 577.txt a wonderful book . you will meet many charming cats on your jounrey here that will stay with you forever . although this book is only 150 pages , it took me a long time to read it . while many things made me smile or laugh out loud , far too many things made me cry and i had to stop reading and set it aside for awhile . i often wondered if i could even finish it , but i am glad that i did . it is a book that truly touches the heart . 
camera neg 720.txt we returned this video camera due to video picture quality . the camera requires a lot of light to have a decent video , even after changing settings , the video had a " grainy " look . we just needed something basic to replace our 10 year old video camera and thought this would work , but the picture was worse than our previous camera . purchased the pv-gs65 , next model up with 3ccd 's and love this model . as a matter a fact we still had the gs-31 , used the same tape , shot the same footage , and reviewing the two different shots , the gs-65 did 100% better . the camera has a great feel in your hand , although the menu button can be difficult to press 
health pos 517.txt i took " my " unit to a monthly meeting for seniors . their machine broke & i took mine as a replacement . they liked it so well , they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings . they like all the different aspects of the machine . a suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine ? 
camera neg 351.txt we have had this camera for about a year . we wanted an inexpensive camera but buying this was a big mistake . the picture quality is terrible and now it is not even working . we have a canon powershot a60 as well and have been very happy with the performance . i would not recommend this polaroid camera to anyone 
dvd neg 436.txt i grew up watching sesame street and truly love the muppets . however , i have to say this video was not what i expected . there were some great vintage clips , but not enough muppets / monsters for me . this video seemed hastily thrown together with bad editing . i would recommend you pass on this one and get " 123 count with me " instead . 
health pos 456.txt this was my heating pad , but my hairless cat took it over . he has a special pet heating pad of his own that he loved until he discovered this one . the first day i could n't pry him off . i love that it 's washable . in fact , i 'm getting a second one for him to use while the others in the wash . of course , i keep it pretty low for him . being able to choose the times for shutoff is nice too since a lot of heating pads shutoff in two hours and some days that 's not enough . 
music pos 82.txt i had originally heard " drive away " on a radio station and i was instantly blown away . upon seeing the music video for it , i decided to buy the cd . i was hardly disappointed . the emotion that goes into the cd is amazing and it 's definitly a cd to sit down and enjoy . i saw the band in concert and met jonah after the show and was amazed by how down to earth he was . give gratitude a chance and you wo n't be disappointed . 
camera pos 297.txt this replacement battery is half the cost of canon 's yet offers longer life . i bought it when i first got my sd10. when one battery runs out , the spare goes in . the lenmar still works great while the canon is near end life ! i am buying two more since they are so cheap ! do not buy no name batteries on ebay . they do not last worth a darn and are basically a waste of money ! do n't do it. . 
books pos 303.txt a good thriller , that was very grisham . delivered on exactly what you read grisham for . 
health pos 583.txt i like the portability and adjustability of this mirror . it takes up little space and can be stowed away very compactly . it serves my needs very well . i was disappointed that only the magnifying mirror is lit . i tend to use the normal mirror more often . the other is the clock loses it 's setting when i stow it away . it has to be reset and left out if you were really wanting to use the clock feature . as far as i am concerned...i was looking for a mirror and really could care less about the clock 
health pos 69.txt item received in perfect condition . checked with doctor . very good blood pressure monitor . thank you 
software pos 194.txt this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment 
music pos 807.txt robbie 's flow corses through your veins causing a feeling of total ecstacy and rejuvination . to have a cd that has the power to lift your spirit and your soul is something i feel so honored to have in my possesion . hats off to robbie 
health pos 20.txt the cherry covered choccolate luna bars are quite tasty . chances are , if you 're eating a chocolate cherry nutrition bar , you need a little enticement to eat healthy . like all these bars you do get sick of the same flavor day after day . i recommend alternating between these and another bar that 's not so sweet ( kashi trail mix bars are perfect ) . that helps me stick to the bars instead of hitting up the zillion calorie pastries at the corner coffee shop 
books pos 292.txt after purchasing many dog training manuals and finding them not quite up to snuff , i was very pleased to finally find a book which was comprehensive and authoritative . it breaks each area of the sport down and is easy to follow . the book is intelligently written 
music neg 676.txt this disk is truly as bad as nitin 's previous disks were wonderful . take any previous nitin disk , throw in some alpha , a bit of craig armstrong , some predictable eco-freindly american diatribe , mix until extremely smooth and you have a prophesy . as with most prophesies there no good news about it . my prophesy is that anyone who buys this wo n't ever buy another nitin dis 
dvd pos 809.txt hey...this is a great dvd with great packaging- -definitely one of the best that i 've seen , and there is a lot of extras . definitely a must-have for he-man and she-ra fans ! i just got an e-mail stating that the distributor of he-man will be releasing she-ra on dvd , starting july 11. that release will be " the secret of the sword " and five other episodes deemed most popular by fans . after that , in the fall they will release the complete 93 episodes in three separate volumes within the next 12 months . for anyone who wants to see for themselves , go to tvshowsondvd.com and look at the news for she-ra . i hope you are as excited as i am 
software neg 746.txt i got norton ghost with my new dell pc , so i thought i would use it for backups to an external usb drive . after about 6 months of ' trying ' to use it , i finally gave up and uninstalled it . reason , most of the backups somehow get corrupted and the software seems to have trouble working with it . twice i removed all the partial backups and started from scratch , but again after a few weeks the backup agent would hang while doing an incremental backup . now , the software is good for making a complete clone of the hard disk or restoring system from an image , but it does not seem to work well with incremental backups 
books pos 379.txt this book , unlike morris 's work on hillary , is actually worth reading , because its perspective and analysis of our 42nd president is fascinating . though the title is a little tiresome ( and becomes especially so when morris continues to say throughout the book ` why ? because he could ! ' ) the book is a fast page turner . i particularly enjoyed morris 's portrayal of clinton as one who only came to life around other people : if they were happy , he was , if they were in distress , he felt their pain . a master of reading people and changing according to their feelings , clinton was perfectly suited to becoming a president who ruled by polls . enter dick morris . as clinton 's chief poller , he also became , at one time , his chief political advisor . and clinton needed one . as ` my life ' by clinton shows , the president had no overall strategy and failed to see events as interconnected . for him , each issue needed to be examined individually and with clinton , that was a laborious endeavor : the prez had the painful habit of considering each argument with equal weight , and therefore was extremely indecisive and cautious to take action . result ? fiasco 's like waco , somalia , bosnia and health care reform . more seriously for the future : the loss of the congress to the republicans ( over ten years now and counting ) and the failure to stop bin laden . morris gives credit where credit is due though : clinton 's work on welfare reform cut the roll books in half and the tough work on deficit reduction allowed the economic boom of the 1990s to take place . also interesting , was clinton 's use of the presidency as a bully pulpit for families and education : an issue that was local politics , and therefore cost clinton nothing in the budget but brought in massive political capital . read this book before reading clinton 's ` my life' . why ? because morris points out the inconsistencies and just plain untruths contained therein . also , morris says that the president 's autobiography is the ` rosetta stone ' that decodes clinton . if that is the case , then morris is certainly the interpreter . 
books neg 79.txt tim lahaye , jerry jenkins , and others in the pre-trib circle , such as ed hindson , tommy ice , chuck missler , etc. , continue to put forth the same deceptions that hal lindsey popularized decades ago . the notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture , it is foreign to the teachings of the early church , and it is grooming the church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming . these men are novices and not prophecy " experts " or " scholars " by any stretch of the imagination ; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible christians . why continue to be deceived ? tim cohen , in his excellent book , the antichrist and a cup of tea , provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming antichrist is known now . not only that , the same author ( tim cohen ) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture ever offered to the saints of god in christ : the real rapture . if you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture , then you need to hear tim cohen 's the real rapture ( based on a volume in his forthcoming " messiah , history , and the tribulation period " series ( see prophecy house 's web site for details on these items ) 
books pos 355.txt firstly , i have not seen the film adaptation of ' single white female ' and so this review is n't tainted one way or the other . this book , about the stolen identity of a young woman by her psychotic flatmate , is written is very easy style . characterizations , prose , and dialogue are all straightforward . i can understand why a film was made based on it since the book reads more like a screenplay than a novel . and the book 's " feel " is anything but original . ' sliver ' by ira levin does a better job of capturing the essence of life ( and danger ) in manhattan for a single , white female . still , ' single white female ' is an entertaining read . bottom line : a very enjoyable , suspenseful read that does n't tax the brain . recommended 
camera neg 953.txt after receiving the case and trying to use it on the camera , i discovered it was very cumbersome and almost impossible to manipulate . for instance , you cannot access the cf card or camera with the attached portion screwed into the tripod mount , also , taking the front cover off to take a picture was a hassle . this is not useable for a carry-around use . i have it sitting in the corner of my office unused , spent good money for nothing . 
dvd neg 728.txt eric maibus and scott bairstow have become fine young actors , and even their adequate performances cannot save this dismal , pointless , lurid and sadistic movie . dee wallace stone should be ashamed for participating . maibus plays the hypnotic leader of a teenage devil cult , with no conscience , morals , or regard for anyone but himself ; bairstow plays the usual & quot ; misunderstood&quot ; teen who looks to the group for acceptance . the script is laden with offensive four letter words in every other sentence ; enough is enough . if this is the way teens talk , then steer me clear , folks . there is no heart or soul in this movie , and no reason to rent or buy . no stars . c'mon amazon , when you gonna give us the 0 stars options ? ? 
software neg 677.txt i spent 3 days trying to get this installed . i think the complication was that i had norton systemworks 2005 and wanted to add the nav 2006 on top of it . well i finally got it done , but not until i 'd restored my system to a backup from before i 'd installed nsw 2005. at that point i had nsw 2003 installed . i had to manually uninstall that and remove tons of entries from the registry . norton 's automated uninstall failed over and over so i gave up on that and did it by hand . then i installed nsw 2005 with nav . when i went to install nav 2006 it was unable to uninstall the old version . so i had to restore the system again . this time i installed nsw 2005 without nav . i was then able to install nav 2006. it is working now . it just should n't be this difficult 
dvd pos 101.txt samba party workout 1 : brazilian rhythm celebration is competently hosted by vanessa isaac and provides a lively and energetic 35-minute introduction to the amazing and passionate world of samba dancing . educating the viewer in an easy-to-follow , step-by-step , simplified instructional manner , samba party workout 1 brings a surplus of life into the enjoyable activity of dance with this unique and invigorating style , engaging the viewer both physically and mentally . a welcome addition to any personal or music / dance school instructional dvd collection , samba party workout 1 is very highly recommended for its " user-friendly " construct and intriguing content to all viewers looking for a fun and lively " how to " guide to dancing the samba ! 
camera pos 414.txt started to by a less expensive bag last january ( dec. now ) and i 'm shure glad i didn't . for the money this bag is a good one . it 's not flimsy and you can get in and out of it and the pockets easly . the tripod holder on top has been real convenient 
books neg 88.txt i have read 208 pages and i am bored with this book . i do n't think i can finish it 
dvd neg 998.txt i purchased this movie without reading the reviews , based only on my fondness for older movies and the other movies i 've seen the two main stars in . this movie was awful , and the sad part is , there were sooooo many opportunities to save the movie all throughout . the acting was obviously overdone on purpose , i just wish i knew why - it did n't come off as funny or as a satire if that was the intent . in the end - i threw out the dvd so as not to accidently subject someone else to it 
camera neg 910.txt i 've just returned this unit . it does n't play videos as advertised . i was able to get it to properly play .avi files at 320 x 240 resolution...see other review below . but 320x240 gives a postage stamp size picture . at 640 x 480 the playback was full size but jerky and broken....more later . i have now had 3 different brands of 8 " photo frames in my possession : a phillips , a pandigital , and this coby . i have developed the following list of features in my " ideal " photo frame . first , video playback : i 've been taking a lot of video clips with my digital still camera...they come out well and the convenience of not having to lug my camcorder along , and the ability to quickly transfer clip files within / between chips and my computer is attractive . i would like a frame which will play the format my camera is taking ( .mov , more later ) i 'd also like the frame to play a multi-media show...that is , to play movie clips in show presentations , intermixed with .jpg photo files . second feature is to play .wma music files , in addition to mp3. this is because i have a non-ipod personal music player . all my music is in .wma format because it is roughly half the file size of mp3. third , i would like a timer on my frame...set it to come on in the morning , off at night , for example . fourth , i 'd like an audio or speaker out feature . none of these frames has home theater-like sound , and i have an extra pair of computer speakers i 'd probably hook up . video out could come in handy too . fifth , i 'd like to be able to rotate stills from within the frame 's software , manually or automatically . yes , you can rotate them in the computer , but the frame may or may not preserve the rotation . ( this may depend on which photo edit program you are using . ) sixth , i 'd like a folder hierarchy file management system in the frame 's software . especially with the huge chips now available , i see an advantage to push a couple of buttons and change the picture set ( folder ) , rather than switching out chips . here is where the 3 units i 've had stack up , followed by my next ( fourth ) unit . i am keeping the pandigital....which costco has for $140. it plays .mov video files , but not within a slideshow . it has no speaker out jack and the sound is tinny . it requires mp3 music files . it permits picture rotation . no folder management system . no clock / timer . no ability to play stills / video intermixed . i think the coby and phillips picture quality is brighter but the pandigital is ok . the phillips did n't play video , and since it also had a software glitch when i returned it i decided to look elsewhere . ( no remote and no music with the philips either . ) the coby wo n't play my videos , even after i used my converter program to try about 10 different mp4 and avi variations . the coby plays .wma music files , wo n't rotate stills , has no folder system , no clock / timer . it has a speaker out jack . it does not permit intermixing video and stills in one multimedia show . picture quality is fully equal to philips , generally the recognized standard . if all you want is photos , and never turn your camera sideways , this unit will be a good value . another unit i 'd like to get to play with would be the image moments model by digitalfoci . i 've exchanged emails with someone there who clearly knows what they are talking about and i believe this unit will intermix my photos and videos . 
books neg 478.txt this book was fun to look at , but not really usable . lots of stylized drawings and self-aggrandizing tales by the author and not a lot of realistic how-to . also , the explanations about skin care were clearly not written by anyone with a science or medical background . 
dvd neg 667.txt absolute junk , one of the worst films i have seen . you will be doing well just to stay awake for the duration 
music pos 68.txt michelle branch carved out a place for herself in the young female pop singer market serveral years ago with a brilliant debut and a successful if derivitive duet with carlos santana . this record is her first with friend jessica harp . the ladies mine the borderline between the singer / songwriter and country genres for quality songs that should fit well in the americana format . highlights include the opening track leave the pieces , way back home , the good kind , and the title track stand still look pretty . of special note is the presence of producer / multi-instrumentalist john leventhal on many tracks . i recommend this record for folks who like songs that do n't sound like formula country 
dvd neg 7.txt horror movies are a dime a dozen now , and nothing really speical about them anymore . sad to say , considering its probably my faviorte genere . this movie was a disappointment from the start . whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired . i mean they are standing there talking , and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen . i didnt watch the whole movie , it sucked that bad . i bought this movie used , and i 'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge . 
music neg 868.txt stinkish-i totally agree with you 100% ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but " hit me baby one more time ? " that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you gotta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review 
software neg 617.txt the vista set up is nice but is buggy and incompatible with a lot of games and upgrades 
health pos 592.txt it cost a little more , but it 's worth it . it keeps the last 5 temperatures so you can compare 
music pos 712.txt this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound . 
music neg 939.txt this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's & quot ; stronger than death&quot ; album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of & quot ; all for you&quot ; and & quot ; 13 years of grief&quot ; sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of & quot ; no more tears&quot ; tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . & quot ; like a bird&quot ; is the best song neil young never wrote and & quot ; blood in the well&quot ; shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story 
music neg 184.txt ok , first off , this is the first corrs release i 've listenend to . i 'm offering my opinion without knowing anything else they may have done . i 've listened to the cd 10 times or so , on random occasions when i need a break from my normal diet of punk and garage rock . it sounds good . a little too good . i agree that it 's overproduced , does n't sound even remotely spontaneous . the studio work is well done , but overdone . i 'd like to hear something else to see what they really sound like . the content of the songs is what bothers me . aside from being sappy , sentimental drivvel ( this is pop music , after all - i was n't expecting anything else ) , everything sounds like a commercial ditty or a part of a movie soundtrack . mmm-hmm . track 1 - i see a not-so overweight soccermom smiling on a treadmill at curves ( tm ) , then hopping in the ford expedition ( tm ) , and cheering on the kids at their soccer game with a sunnyd ( tm ) in each hand . track 2 - helicopter pans out as mid-20 's girl drives curvy mountain road in vw cabrio ( tm ) ( r ) with top down , thinking about handsome lover.. . " lmn " ( r ) watermark in lower-right corner of screen.. . track 3 - sad animals . images of puppys in cages . track 4 - actually , i like this one . mellow , laid back . track 5 - ugh. track 6 - this one is the most clever ! i see the band members - 3 girls , 1 guy - on one side of a table under a hanging lamp in an otherwise black room , while 3 gentlemen in suits open a breifcase full of money , push it towards them and say , " as you 're aware , the radio has lost it 's credibility . the kids are figuring out that there are other bands out there , beside what we pump across the airwaves at them . we need to entice them back . if you want a single , and this pile of cash says you do , then you 'll do what you can to save this dying medium . hell , you work in the word " radio " and we 'll double what we 're giving you . " come on , the song even sounds like a psa for the international radio marketing council.. . track 7 - sounds like a pepsi commercial . track 8 - ugh. wait , was n't this track 5 ? track 9 - sappy , but ok . sounds like they actually put effort into the lyrics . thumbs up . track 10 - not remotely original , but alright . track 11 - interesting sound . good beat . correct me if i 'm worng , but was that a semi-pagan reference there ? that would be a bold move , for which i 'd applaud them , if in fact it is . not that i 'm pagan or anything , but hey , its a religiously positive , non-christian reference that does n't involve marilyn manson , and that takes guts . especially for radio-loving girls bands . track 12 - laid back . almost has a jazzy , lounge feel . track 13 - produced by former ace of base member ? bubbly , upbeat , not too bad . track 14 - written and produced by avril lavigne.. . track 15 - wow ! a relatively celtic-sounding song from a relatively celtic band ! ! and instrumental , too - big thumbs up ! in fact , maybe that 's the key . whatever . long-winded , i know , but fair . this album did n't turn me off to the corrs completely , but i do n't have very high hopes now . flame away , kiddies . 
health pos 252.txt i ordered this as a gift and it arrived in less than a week.. . with their standard shipping ! the produict was exactly as described . shalimar is a classic 
software neg 881.txt i bought this to convert some .avi and .mov files so i could try video podcasting with a web multimedia class i teach . i 've done this successfully with a shareware product , but thought the resulting video could be a little sharper , so i was willing to pay for and try a commerical product . ( pinnacle , right ? they do a lot of this stuff , they must know what they 're doing . . . . ) ha ! ! ! ! huge mistake . the interface is horrible , and the conversion just-plain-sucks . everything came out in flouescent colors with huge blocks covering the screen . totally , completely unwatchable . it looks like a 60s psychedellic experience , like " motion art , " not like a proper video at all . avoid this product ! ! 
camera neg 641.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
books neg 423.txt i think its not wise to refer to only one source here is one of the testmonies : " i was born in israel ( palestine then ) to a well-known jewish religious family . we are living in israel for many generations ; well before the zionists infiltrated the middle east . jews and moslems always lived in peace in palestine until the zionists came from europe , massacred the palestinians ( dir yassin , etc. ) and forced them to run away from their lands and get locked into the refugee camps across the borders for almost three generations . studying in a jewish religious school in tel aviv , i was taught that the ' bad arabs ' conducted pogroms all over palestine killing jews . my family told me the opposite : we lived in palestine in peace for generations with our moslem brothers . when the zionists started their pogroms ( dir yassin ) , the moslem acted in revenge and started their own pogroms , killing jews . however , our moslem friends actually saved the lives of our family by hiding us in their own houses at a risk to their own lives . " http : / / www.rense.com / general54 / thank.htm you can make your search with many of the anti-zionism jewish organization all over the world . 
health neg 405.txt i have cracked heals and a bit of a callous problem . they are n't dragon feet , but they do have to be softened pretty often . i have used the little blade scraper tool for a few years and that works well but when i saw the artemis heel smoother advertised , i decided i had to try it . it 's a waste of money . the appliance is no more than a low-tech dreml . in fact , i have a dreml type tool that was marketed as a dog nail trimmer that works better . the artemis appliance does not scrape any dried skin away..it merely sands your foot a bit..that is when you can get the darn thing to stay on the spot you put it on . it comes with a small container of foot conditioning balm that is probably just straight cocoa butter except it has a really offensive aroma . i would just as soon use a piece of sand paper than this thing . save your money . 
health neg 423.txt ordered a new pen and pencil set , opened the box only to see " made in china " . i dont even want them now 
health neg 449.txt bought this hoping for a good amount of steam for facials and sinus problems. . hardly any steam comes out and there are too many little pieces and parts . not worth the $$ at all . i 'm back to boiling a large pot of water for steam 
books neg 749.txt talk about self-absorbed...i guess the ego and the love of self this man displays are essential to success in business...i thought the man made some good points , but few are helpful to anyone in the real world ( or outside the newspaper business ) . nausea sets in after the second chapter . neuharth will die an old , lonely , rich man . respected by many , hated by nearly all . luckily , i did n't have to sit through this entire book . i put it down quickly 
software neg 498.txt i 've had dazzle products in the past . usually a very good product , this dvd recorder is just not very reliable . i would recommmend spending a little more and getting one of the higher end dazzle products 
health neg 467.txt i have been using cross product for lat 15 years . this product which is made in china , has highly disappointed me . the finish of the pen is very poor . gold plating is of a poor quality . it has some patches of a different color . the body has sharp edges . overall it has spoilt my impression about cross products . regards r.p. kal 
books pos 852.txt i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s. lewis as a tutor , and i 've read some of lewis 's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i 'm surprised this is n't a very popular book , as it ought to be . i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it 's a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e. references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like " jive " , etc. ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires 's criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies . however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires 's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book . superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today 
books neg 962.txt this is where ordering a book through the internet is a little disappointing , as you ca n't browse the book before purchasing it . & quot ; camping activities for kids&quot ; is very light on the & quot ; activities . &quot ; it does a good job of laying out items that should be brought along on ones first camping trip , but falls short on suggesting outdoor activities for kids . the activities that are suggested are a little simplistic . for example , & quot ; laying sticks apart from one another and pretending it 's a river , and then have the kids jump over it and playing golf with sticks and using pine cones as balls . &quot ; i was hoping for more endepth activities . if it 's your first time camping this books okay , but if you 've camped for awhile and your kids are a little older the book falls short so look for something else 
camera neg 772.txt bought this housing new in november 2005.in april i used it for the first time and it flooded on the first dive ! neither amazon ( since it is ouside the 30 day return policy ) nor canon will stand behind this product ! period ! i got so much run around from canon it was ridiculous . they wanted to " evaluate " the housing to determine if it was defective...dah ? they would not tell me if i sent it back for the " evaluation " what the final resolution would be ( refund , rework etc ) . coincidentally , another person on the same trip had the same housing...it flooded on their first dive too ! ! ! ! coincidence ? no . just terrible quality control and no product support from canon . do not buy canon products ! ! 
books pos 382.txt i just love this book . it 's for anyone who practices no particular " religion " . the prayers are simple , in every day language , easily understood like god is speaking right to me . i find it inspiring every day and look forward to reading one prayer per day . none are more than a few paragraphs and all speak straight to the heart 
dvd pos 335.txt small town america.. . only this is n't the pleasant and white-picketed small town america of film noir fame , it 's the gray and colorless small town america of neo-noir , and there 's the man on the sidewalk looking like a lost bum to prove it . a bum who 's being approached by that famous " man in a black trenchcoat " ... hard eight ( aka sydney , but i 've yet to see a version of it anywhere that actually claims that title ) is a debut pretty much as promising as blood simple to the brothers coen . paul thomas anderson immediately sets out to give us only the best , with actors he wants to make famous and a script that has characters doing almost nothing we want ( or expect ) them to do , but who yet remain completely sympathetic throughout . anderson also uses neo-noir color to great effect , allowing red and blue to do what harsh black and white contrast is supposed to do in classical noir . that said , anderson still knows where the majority of the talent lies , and despite the long takes and steady-cam shots that would develop into those dizzying long takes from later movies , he focuses most of his time on the characters ' faces , and just lets them be . if he had n't already done the amazing and always stunning later work of magnolia , boogie nights , and punch drunk love , i 'd say that this is a " promising debut that makes me impatient for the next anderson picture to come out , " but since he does now have four classics notched into his belt , i must say , " see this to see anderson at his roots , " and " man i ca n't wait for his next feature ! " - -polarisdi 
dvd pos 603.txt these films used to be on tv all the time . i was amazed at how clever the plots were . i did n't remember some of them . " weird woman " is my favorite " b-film " and i 'm always recommending it to people . movies used to be so entertaining ! it 's great to have this collection available to film fans . we can overlook chaney 's stiffness , as the rest of the cast really compensates for it 
health pos 587.txt this has helped my wife and i to lower our cholesterol . i take it in conjunction with red yeast rice extract ( this must be taken at night ) because my numbers are very high . my wife 's numbers are right on borderline . we took blood tests before and after using it and have seen great improvements . my numbers went down 37 points in a few months and my wife 's numbers went down about half of mine . ( i also take double the dose she does . ) it 's a great way to keep healthy , naturally . my father-in-law started using it and has seen improvements , also . his dangerous psa numbers ( prostrate ) even dropped radically . we do n't know if that was due to the fish oil-but he believes it was . his dr . said he 'd never seen numbers drop that much . we tell just about everyone we know about it . 
books pos 959.txt reviewed by joanne benham for reader views ( 2 / 06 ) it 's an ordinary sunday afternoon for odelia grey . an afternoon spent with her dysfunctional family means a stop at the grocery store on the way home to buy her favorite comfort food , stouffer 's macaroni and cheese , to get the taste of her family ( and her rotten date on saturday night ) out of her mouth . and then she gets the phone call.....her dear friend sophie , a staunch supporter , mentor and banner carrier for bbw- -- -big , beautiful women- --has committed suicide . as she struggles to cope with this heartbreaking news , she has more disturbing news piled on . not only did sophie commit suicide , she did it in front of dozens of eyewitnesses on her adult website ! ! ! with the emergence of more hidden facets of sophie 's life , odelia finds it difficult to reconcile this new sophie to the sophie she knew and loved . as odelia digs deeper into sophie 's life , both past and present , she comes to the conclusion that sophie would not , under any circumstances , kill herself . with backup help from a memorable cast of characters , odelia sets out to clear her friend 's name and in the process gains a new acceptance of herself as a fat woman in a thin society . this book was enjoyable on so many levels . first and foremost , it is very well written . second , it confronts the prejudice that is openly shown to fat people in today 's society and gives a gentle nudge toward developing tolerance . and finally , it leaves you impatiently awaiting the next installment in the life of odelia patience grey......the best new heroine to spring from the pages of a book in years . 
music pos 842.txt the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do . 
music pos 497.txt dope cd..im a huge spice 1 fan..this cd is off da hook...check out immortilized and bossalini cds...those are dope quality cds..i have over 600 hip hop cds in my collection..and i do n't really express my fealings on amazon unless its worth it..i love hip hop till da day i die...and spice 1 is one dope smokin hip hop lyracist...tru dat...plus im from da old school..nwa , pe , rakim , boogie down , naughty by nature ( 1rst cd ) , big daddy kane , old school jazzy jeff and fresh prince , old school ll...naw mean..wor 
software neg 371.txt norton is still the 800lb . gorilla of antivirus software , but i think more and more people are realizing that bigger does not mean better ! the old days when peter norton made an excellent antivirus program are long gone , and these days norton is just a mass produced product of symantec's . customer service is through an internet database , and you must pay over $40 just to speak with someone even when norton lets you down and lets a virus slip in . the biggest problem is that this program is a huge hog of system resources . it is no wonder that the ratings are so poor on norton these days . i bought trend micro 's pc-cillin and have not looked back . there product is less expensive and includes free phone support , and they have received all sorts of awards for their product 
software pos 799.txt i believe it is important to say that i am a quickbooks proadvisor . as a technical consultant to small businesses , i began supporting quickbooks several years ago after i saw how it benefited my clients . i began useing quickbooks myself in 1999 for my business . this version is one of the best advances i have seen . the new home page shows the various work-flows in an easy to understand format , making it easy to get to the form i need with one click . i really like the new " centers " for customers , vendors and employees . most of the information i need when looking for history with a customer or vendor is available when i click on the customer or vendor name . with one more click i can easily see the original transaction . i used to have to go through several screens to get to the information i needed . the industry customization in the premier edition is a great addition and well worth the additional investment . i have a client using the contractor edition . the contractor center provides a quick glance at how the business is doing . the job cost reporting is an excellent tool to help better manage the business by comparing actual to estimated costs . they have been able to improve their estimates based on the information quickbooks makes available to them . the key to having the information you need is to make sure you get it setup properly in the beginning . spend some time reviewing the excellent on-line training and help before you setup your company files . if you do n't like reading the instructions , another option would be to get the help of a local quickbooks proadvisor for assistance . i highly recommend it . 
health neg 717.txt it makes glasses stain . and i return it within 1 week 
dvd neg 527.txt i 'm not sure what compelled me to seek out " americano , " written and directed by kevin noland . it 's not as if i was dying to check up on the career of joshua jackson , a star of tv 's " dawson 's creek . " perhaps i was intrigued by dennis hopper 's inclusion in such a small scale production- -i mean the man is always interesting even when his material is less than stellar . here , however , the lure for him seems to have been his daughter ruthanna , who has a supporting role and serves as a producer on this film . maybe it was international star leonor varela , a beauty who is surely one good role away from making it big in america . most likely , though , it was the idea of seeing the movie as a travelogue of spain . with great scenery , bull fights , hemingway , hard drinking and partying , the running of the bulls- -the atmosphere alone might have made intriguing viewing . however , i am going to be rather hard in my assessment of this film . i think noland has talent and i look forward to other works . the film is photographed well and has good performances . my problem stems from the fact that there is absolutely no drama in this familiar coming-of-age story . with an astounding lack of real character insight , this little production about characters at a crossroads falls absolutely flat . the setup is simple . as recent college graduates , jackson and two pals ( who bicker comically ) are spending the last few days of their vacation in spain before jackson must return to the " real " world and a new job . facing the eternal struggles between childhood and adulthood , work and independence , freedom and monotony , dreams and reality- -jackson falls into lust with a local played by varela . should he ditch it all for this worldwind romance ? should he abandon responsibility for a life of leisure ? should he stay in spain ? these are legitimate questions and a legitimate , albeit familiar , story path . what makes " americano " so tedious and uninvolving , however , is that the film does n't allow you to know its characters . a character study with no genuine character development seems a hard concept to pull off- -and " americano " does n't succeed in doing anything remotely deeper than the superficial presentation of friends on vacation . we never know anything about jackson 's job or life in america , or his dreams , passions , interests , etc...aside from this fleeting romance . sure , the film goes through the requisite motions- -jackson writes pretentious poetry and talks to statues of hemingway , what else would you expect in spain ? if he has artistic aspirations , however , the screenplay surely never develops this . lacking any real guidance as to what jackson envisions for his life , i simply fell into the camp of " who cares ? " there are plenty of authentic moments in the depiction of spanish culture . dennis hopper 's role , however , as a club host is a complete misfire . ultimately , though , my genuine disinterest in the film comes from a screenplay that asks me to care but never goes beneath the surface for emotional truth and character depth . sure , jackson 's at a crossroads- -but lacking any understanding of what he wants , it made no difference to me what he chose . sorry , but that 's a big problem when it is your film 's central theme . kgharris , 02 / 07 
software neg 474.txt this is the worst thing since the office assistant animated paper clip . forcing the " ribbon " on the user assumes that the user likes icons ( i do n't - - what 's wrong with words ? ? ) , and fills too much of the screen real estate . nothing is where it should be . and what arrogance on the part of microsoft to provide no alternate views , no " classic " view , just these piles and piles of inscrutable icons . another oppressive , giant waste of my time and money at the hands of microsoft . 
software pos 680.txt i have been using printmaster platinun for several years and love it . i scrapbook constantly using all of the features . i have printed thousands of items with this program . if people have problems with the program it is because it uses alot of memory and the problem is their computer . i have gotten rid of 10 scrapbook , photo programs and only use printmaster . there is no better program . ann 
books pos 38.txt i read these books just for fun thinking i would finish in a few days and not think about it past that . well i had another thing coming . i could n't put the book down once i had started . i missed hours of sleep because of these books . if you want a book that can keep you enraptured for hours read the artemis fowl books you wo n't regret i 
dvd neg 35.txt my husband and i are both history and literature buffs , so we were excited to watch this film when it was released to dvd . we are n't typically hard people to please , but this film was one of the most boring movies that i 've seen to date . it 's not that i do n't appreciate artistic , visually stimulating movies - that have a point . perhaps , assuming we all knew the story already , the director wanted to impress us with over two hours of lingering shots on grass , water , trees...and more trees . apart from the lack of any foreword momentum whatsoever ( though i will grant the last 45 minutes or so were interesting and possibly worth the slogging required to arrive there ) , this movie represents revisionist history at its worst . here we are presented with an idyllic , practically un-fallen and un-corrupted view of the noble savage juxtaposed against the muddy , disgusting , conniving white man . perhaps the writer forgot some of the more violent sides of some native american life like scalping , or the less-than-environmentally-friendly act of running whole herds of buffalo off cliffs . it 's fair to say , as the post-colonial talk goes , that native americans have been marginalized and misrepresented over the years . but by shifting to the other extreme , do n't we fall prey to the same false stereotyping - just going the opposite direction 
books pos 392.txt clinton 's old friend and key russia advisor provides insight on a number foreign policy topics as they evolve . as deputy secretary of state , his accounts provide personal , scholarly and practical accounts . the reader might determine both that talbott was an invaluable resource as the post-cold war era evolved , and that in the end , clinton was his own & quot ; russia hand . &quot ; the primary theme of the book is the relationship between clinton and russian president boris yeltsin . as they address issues such as nato expansion , the balkans , economic difficulties , and each president 's own personal troubles , a number of lessons emerge . first , great power politics takes place between human beings , not merely among structural or organizational frameworks . second , the blending of idealism and realism is thorough and complex , they are not either-or options . third , political , military , economic , domestic and international issues all impact each other , often in surprising ways . fourth , watch out for the u in trying to explain policy making : in the generic y=ax+by+cz+u , that u ( for unexplained / unexpected ) can often play a large role . the russia hand is valuable to students of foreign policy , russia and u.s.-russia relations , and the emergence of the post-cold war era . 
software neg 893.txt ...buy it here and save $s ! shipping cost from the uk added $46.95 to the price and a foreign debit card transaction fee of $2.51 for a waste of $49.46 that could have been spent getting additional models . or get the download version and save even more as like someone else pointed out , the included manual is near useless and has not improved since version 4. practical poser 6 is still the best book to get if you are serious about doing poser 6 development 
software neg 532.txt the software was installed on three computers and slowed two down so much i had to remove it on 2 and have not put it back on it worked fine on one of the thre 
camera neg 869.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine . 
camera pos 523.txt picked mine up used on ebay for $180. with the growth of the vr market everyone is dumping there old lenses . you can get a used one for a great price . this lens is great for the serious amatuer . i have taken some incredible pictures with this lens . the autofocus is a little slow and i have heard people complain about softness on the high end but i have a photo blown up to 20 x 17 taken from my d70 at 300mm . of course i shoot the photo on a tripod... . i have not experienced the softnes 
books pos 939.txt ted kheel has written a masterful , poignant and important book . in an increasingly litigious and contentious world , his is a voice of reason , compassion and true vision . as karl llewellyn observed , & quot ; technique without compassion is a menace , and compassion without technique is a mess . &quot ; mr. kheel gives us both , in a manner that is brilliantly accessible , thought-provoking and inspiring 
health neg 502.txt my one star rating is for amazon 's service , not the waterpik attachment , which i never received . despite the fact that i ordered this on 20 february 2007 and shipping was stated to be 7-9 days ( and is still stated to be 7-9 days ) , two weeks later amazon has contacted me that shipping on this item will not be until 5-9 april 2007. i have canceled the item and ordered from another internet store and should receive this in a few days . in my many years ordering from amazon , i have found it 's best not to order any items with any type of shipping delay , as shipping almost always takes far longer than promised . i do n't understand why amazon ca n't keep better track of their inventory 
books pos 736.txt this is a colleciton of seven or so stories told by a mouse to mice about mice . it is one of those books that is simply fun to read , particularly to the wee ones at bed time . the illustrations are quite good and the nicest thing about the stories are that they are just about as much fun for the adult to read as it is for the kid . very nice illustrations , well done . recommend this one highly . 
dvd pos 633.txt this film is one big joke : you have all the basics elements of romance ( love at first sight , great passion , etc. ) and gangster flicks ( brutality , dagerous machinations , the mysterious don , etc. ) , but it is all done with the crudest humor . it 's the kind of thing you either like viserally and immediately " get " or you don't . that is a matter of taste and expectations . i enjoyed it and it took me back to the mid80s , when nicolson and turner were in their primes . the acting is very good , if a bit obviously tongue-in-cheek . recommended 
books neg 263.txt the book is fine , except i had to skip lengthy descriptions about the dog trainer . she 's such a boring character . she 's young , but not motivated to work . in fact , she quited one of her jobs when macon covered her rent . the dog training job was just a pretext for her to try to hook up with some men , and get support . the point is that she does n't enjoy the job , thus , a detailed description of her dog training job ( which she does n't seem to enjoy ) was just a boring digression 
software pos 601.txt i bought this to transfer lps to cd . it is simple to connect to the computer , and the software is easy to use . just be sure when you download the mp3 encoding program , to put it in the same directory as the lp ripper . the lp recorder works well and is very easy to use . the lp ripper , makes it easy to trim the tracks , and then encode them as mp3 files . when saving them as mp3 's i can get approximately 20 lp 's on one cd . i am very satisfied with the product 
software pos 219.txt this is my first experience with gps . this product makes using it a simple experience with on board instructions . viewing the screen on a laptop as opposed to most of the portable gps units is a definite advantage to the user . i would purchase another immediately if the need arose . . 
camera neg 287.txt very cheap , you can tell it 's an fake camera miles away . sure it has these features of motion detector which makes it move and has led lights ; but not worth 6 dollars at all . stay awa 
camera pos 960.txt i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy 
music pos 165.txt this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job ! 
dvd neg 983.txt this movie works if one of the following four descriptions applies to you . 1. you think kevin zegers is hot , you want to see anything he 's in , and the swimming scene in transamerica was the best thing to happen to you since you first had a peanut butter sandwich . 2. you think nick carter is hot , and want to see if he can act . ( he can't . ) 3. you like horror movies , no matter how bad they are , simply because it 's a horror movie . 4. for some reason unbeknownst to man you are interested in what judge reinhold is doing with his career . within the first five minutes of the film i had it pegged as a friday the 13th style movie . within the first five minutes , it was . then it expanded a bit , and we saw some interplay between father and son , and also some rather useless and pointless teenage romantic angst . in this rendition , the headless horseman actually had a head . it was a pumpkin . and it growled . there was also some serious fire that he was capable of - apparently - in the beginning . this fire was not with him when he needed it the most . and , of course , he used a sword to decapitate victims lucky , then , that kevin zegers ' character was on the fencing team ( odd for such a small town to have a fencing team , do n't you think ? ) , and when he was able to get his hand on a sword at the very end - well - you get the picture . judge reinhold was a riot in the 80s . in this movie he was a football coach who talked about how things were when he played ball . i ca n't imagine a universe in which reinhold played the kind of football he was talking to his players about . he would have died during his first game . he did , though , walk around the house with a football jersey on , and some silly pajama pants , so i guess that fit the role of a football coach . still . all-in-all , i was certain that this review would be a one star review . then it came out of the " jason woods " , and became marginally better . i was interested in the film for two reasons . first , i 'm still waiting to see if kevin zegers can act . i have a feeling that he 's going to break out of the horror mold he 's in and become a lesser jamie lee curtis . unfortunately , in transamerica they had him play a petulant teenager . they did n't give him room - i.e. , they did n't write anything for him - that would have allowed him to express any range . either that or he does n't have any . second , i do like horror films , even bad ones . which this was . just because i enjoy bad horror films does n't make it a good movie . which this wasn't . i was just about to post this review , then saw the three , four , and five star reviews . i 'm sorry - what were you guys smoking when you watched this ? are you kidding me ? as a bad horror film , this succeeds . but bad horror films do n't get three , four , or five star reviews . it 's insane . 
health neg 854.txt i 've used ghds and even though they 're pricier they are worth every penny . after using the hai stick just one time , i had terrible split ends , and the stick did not ' glide ' over my hair in the same way but seemed to tear . terrible ! i think i 'll upgrade 
books neg 491.txt this book is not about india or indians . shallow characters . non existant plot . a dismal end to a not terrible beginning . unlike one of the other reviewers , i was unlucky enough to buy this book - what a waste 
books pos 15.txt while i am only a high school sophmore , and i do n't have a *real* job , this book has been very helpful in deciding what to shoot for doing . i 've heard people call this book too vague , but they ca n't tell you exactly what to do ; it does n't work that way . once you get through the personality quiz portion , the author gives a somewhat detailed description of your specific personality type ( i for example am and enfp ) and throws in suggestions in the description and also give a modest list of other possibilities . i 'll admit it was a bit vauger than i had hoped but it gives you plenty of room to move around and a great place to start . i 'm lucky i found this book when i did ( and not 3-4 years into college ) because i found some satisfying career options that i would not normally have chosen for myself and they are on the opposite end of the spectrum from what i was previously considering . ( looking at this run-on sentence , you will be relieved to know that none of my choices are to be an english teacher ) overall , this was a good book . there was a lot of filler describing the different personality characteristics that i found redundant only because i have gone over this in school a couple times . however , if you are unfamiliar with this territory , the explanations will be quite helpful 
music neg 442.txt most of these songs were previously sold on other albums from martina . what a waste of money to buy this album of mostly " old " songs and only a few new ones ! martina is sucking money out of the pockets of hard-working individuals . maybe she should try getting a real job instead of using the average working person to support her lavish & luxurious lifestyle . many of us are living in trailer parks & working 80 hours a week while martina sitting on her a** in her million dollar house making money like rain ! you , the people who are buying her albums are making her rich...what the hell is wrong with you people ? do n't buy her albums and let her get a freakin ' job so she can feel what it 's like to work every day and actually earn a damn dollar ! martina , quit using poor people to accommodate your ridiculously high lifestyle 
books neg 825.txt i love how many people like to say that lawrence walsh was a republican . funny . he was an eisenhower republican worlds removed from the conservative movement . and let 's face it : he stink bombed george h.w. bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when bush was gaining ground on clinton . i 'm not saying bush would have won if walsh had n't indicted caspar weinberger on the friday before the election , but walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for bush . bush got him back , of course , by pardoning weinberger on christmas eve , 1992. the beginning of the book was interesting to say the least . as it wore on , however , it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about republicans . let 's face it : people in power tend to be corrupt . they have protection the rest of us do n't have . this was n't just true about reagan and bush ; it 's true about clinton and whoever you wish to name . about halfway through the book , walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was vp at the time , ghw bush . i also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least . i guess when you ca n't beat a guy at the ballot box , you impeach him or at least try to . right ? not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside . 
books neg 997.txt i really did n't enjoy this book . i am half italian-american , and i 've read a few books about growing up in an italian-american family in an effort to learn about my roots . i have also read several books about 2nd generation americans struggling to find their identities while caught between what is & quot ; normal&quot ; and their immigrant parents . i normally enjoy such books , but not this one . i know that life was n't always a bowl of cherries for these familes , but this book makes it seem as if it was absolutely horrible . yet , i could n't find anything about the daughters ' lives that are really that bad or even different from many people 's lives in this country . where is all the anger coming from ? i really do n't know . this book is dark and depressing . some say it is funny at times , but i did n't think so . i could n't even bring myself to finish it 
camera neg 336.txt i am a nikon fan i have nikon 6t and nikon d50. but about coolpix 4600 : all picutures are always blurred or atleast fuzzy . it somehow take decent photos of face and buildings ( if they have strong straight edges / stripes ) 
dvd neg 313.txt yes . wild things is what i recommend for our jaded eyes . are n't we sick of all the crowd pleasing pg-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot ? wild things is sex sex sex but with witty capital h humor and a twisted story . recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film . candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast ( from oscar nominee matt dillon , kevin bacon etc ) can turn candy into cuisine 
health pos 756.txt nice mirror . good magnification . solid construction . my only change would allow vertical adjustability to allow flexibility in positioning on the wall . i had to move a picture to position it at the correct height 
books neg 921.txt two of us read this book and we were both disappointed . characters are depressing and annoying . the storyline is predictable . we both loved john 's two last books but fiction is not his forte . i would not recommend this book to anyone 
books pos 380.txt i have just finished reading & quot ; the power of ethical management , & quot ; and i thought it was well written . in the past few weeks i have read several other books on business ethics and this one is my favorite . it is short and exact with great details on how to improve your corporation as well as yourself . this book not only can be applied to the work place but in your life at home , family , friends , and children . this book has helped me greatly 
books pos 518.txt it 's an educational book to read . my child and i like reading it together 
health neg 461.txt i had ordered this item expecting good things from it . however , the article has never worked properly . the electrical system seems to be working fine , but the uv light has never come on . somehow it seems pointless to have a toothbrush sanitizer that does not sanitize . right now the product is only a toothbrush holder ; nothing more . i generally do not pay such a high price for a toothbrush holder . i have been in contact with the producer of the product and hope to have something done about it . in short , i wo n't buy anything like this again 
music pos 913.txt this is the best " cover " album i have ever seen or heard in my life . a wonderful selection of material and a reflection of agnetha 's great judgment of how best to pay tribute to her favorite , and most influential , musical artists . her voice is absolutely flawless and just as powerful ( and pure ) as her days of old with abba . it would have sold well with the right kind of promotion such as touring which i read she had planned at one point . unfortunately , she had to cancel any such ideas . i would travel anywhere in the world to see her live just once in my life , whether it be to listen to any of the catchy tunes from this album or anything previous . we can only hope the day will come that she will do a live show again for us adoring and anxious fans . it 's certainly not out of the realm of possibility . it is neither an impossibility that agnetha record subsequent material in the not too distant future as this album without a doubt indicates she has so much great music left in her soul to share with the world 
books pos 308.txt love the idea for these books - perry mason - nancy drew - ca n't wait for the next one . love the research that gets sprinkled in to make a fun book . who 's next mike hammer - philip marlowe ? ? 
music neg 885.txt the 1 star is for this 5 star cd box set being no longer available . does anyone know why or if it will be reissued soon ? i have the highlights cd and the " live at the plugged nickel " double lp - but not being able to buy this is disappointing and puzzling . thank you in advance for any help . scott k fis 
health neg 794.txt one i started using the shaver it fell apart . it has plastic tabs to hold it together and they just do n't work . the shaver is a waste of money 
music pos 1.txt this is a wonderful album , that evokes memories of the 60 's folk boom , yet contains original songs . i was amazed at the fantastic harmonies and musical arrangements . anyone who loves the movie " a mighty wind " and who loves folk music will fall in love with this album . i know i did 
software pos 899.txt i do n't know what other people are complaining about . i just installed vista ultimate a few days ago and i absolutely love it . no interface lag or any other lag at all . maybe the people complaining have weak or outdated hardware . those people need to turn down their settings if their not going to keep their computers on the cutting edge or at least near it . i 'm glad microsoft is n't waiting for people to catch up and are on the cutting edge . i 'd rather be the one catching up than the other way around . i have a core 2 duo e6300 overclocked to 2.5ghz , 2 gigs of ram , a geforce 7600gt and a western digital raptor x 150g hd and vista ultimate works flawlessly on my computer . it 's not the best computer but it runs flawlessly , i built it myself and all the parts cost me about $850 off the net . i play world of warcraft among some other games and i have n't seen any problems yet with any games or any of the major software i use as of yet . i 've only encountered one problem and that was with my old soundblaster live ! 5.1 sound card which has discontinued support . no big deal , it was about time to get a better one anyway . 
camera pos 193.txt i have been working for a major daily newspaper in baltimore for 2 decades . perhaps that will qualify me as an expert in photography . i have been shooting digital imagery since the late 1990s . maybe that qualifies me as an expert in digital photography . this may be long - winded , but it 's extensive and can be useful . i received the nikon d2h camera - - 2 bodies total - - over one year ago . i think i got them shortly after the d2h system was released in 2003. since then , i have used them to shoot images of all types - - documentary , sports , daytime , available light , flash , and dead - of - night - - for the paper i work for . this is the only camera i work with . first , please read the manual . there is a ton of information there , and the information is terrific to begin with . the d2h is highly - configurable , with screen after screen that you can set for your own specific use ( resist lending the camera to anyone for a long period of time , for your camera may be returned with many of your settings changed so much that it acts like a thoroughly different camera ) . i 'll just punch right in to the way it feels . the camera is a rather heavy beast , and for some , there can be an amount of shoulder or neck fatigue when using it for hours per day , like i do . but the camera feels well in hand and the controls are easy to move through . i 've long since given up using any camera bag . all i have are a fanny pack for a 14mm , 55mm , teleconverters and 2 extra camera batteries and flashes clipped to its belt . and the d2h 's hold the 17-35mm nikon and the 80-200mm nikon one - touch or the sigma 120-300mm 2 - touch . shooting is a breeze . the batteries let you shoot long before the need to recharge . i have my d2h set on iso 200 or 400 most of the time and sacrifice shutter speed for lower iso as often as i can , because the higher isos bring digital noise and a loss in color saturation . just today , i purchased digital noise plug ins for photoshop to limit this , and that 's a wonderful thing to invest in with this camera when you must shoot action photography with no flash at iso 800 and above . i now have little problems with capturing images in even barely - limited lighting . i recently shot stars and a plane wing from my seat of an airbus at 36 , 000 feet over the pacific at 30 seconds wide open @ f / 2.8 , and it looks tons better than night shots via the d1h , which lacked the internal digital noise filter . that filter kicks in at around 1 / 2 second and longer exposures , and can make you wait as long as your image you 've shot to strip your long exposure of much of the digital noise . when you shoot this way ( and in general ) , do n't simply react by cranking up iso because you will not be happy with your results . the camera can be loud . at over 7 frames per second , it can make you obvious in a quiet room . shooting sensitive situations can be testy , so limit your shooting to single frames . i wish this camera had an option to silence this camera , but since the mirror has to raise and lower , there 's no chance to do this . am i happy with the d2h ? definitely , yes . are there improvements that can be made ? yes . but the benefits outweigh the drawbacks . people have been bailing out of using the nikon system and going canon , which has some incredible gear , i wo n't deny that . but instead of simply giving up on your system of equipment , learn how to use the d2h well and you 'll be much happier than ever . and that means you should push its qualities to the max while respecting its limitations . for instance , white balance . this can be the best thing for you , or the worst thing you 've ever dealt with , depending upon how you approach it . daylight , grey skies , dusk and dawn are easy , because you can set the camera to daylight , flash , shadow ( for dusk and dawn times ) and even the fluorescent and incandescent tend to be right in the ballpark . but the horrible mixed light or the street lamps that glow blue / green or orange - red from mercury vapor can be the death of an image if you do n't properly use white balance . preset white balance is king , here . i can get grey , black and white when i preset in mercury vapor light . and i used the preset for any light that the auto white balance setting ca n't figure . there is also a setting to dial in kelvin temps as well ! if you do this ( and i can go on for miles here ) , you 're on your way . so , with trying this d2h , or considering it , read through some of the digital d2h forums and ignore the posts that slam the camera without giving instances . generally , those who pan the camera have not tried to understand it . i can bang off images to disprove where they suggest this camera will fail . when you have decent light , you 'll have a decent image . but when you try to use it without learning how you can maximize the system , you will come about shooting images that are terrible and unprintable . in closing , i have not been paid by anyone , i have no nikon stock and have no outside interest in writing this except that i 'm giving the d2h credit where it 's long overdue 
books pos 552.txt i guess in this book you can see both the good qualities of ayn rand as well as some of her non-desirable traits . good gateway book before tackling on the big and long atlas shrugged 
health neg 635.txt unlike several other reviewers , i loved this trimmer for 5 months . at that time the rechargeable battery just died completely , would not recharge at all , and the remington people are useless when filing a complain 
music pos 351.txt this is quite a sharp turn from francine 's previous album ( 40 on a fall day ) ... whereas the last album was closer sonically to frontman clayton scoble 's work in poundcake , this time around it 's quieter , subtler , sweeter and sadder . make no mistake , this is a break-up album . even those songs that make no mention of breaking up leave you with that cold , lonely , hug-craving feeling only the best break-up albums can . the mood will draw you in and keep you listening , but after a few listens it 's the songs you 'll fall in love with . ahh , the songs . they 're densely packed with chord changes , odd but appealing lyrics , and unexpected instrumentation . they 're hooky without being obvious ( a francine specialty ) . this was my favourite album of 2003 , and i still listen to it pretty often these days . best tracks : this sunday 's revival , silver plated 606 , novelty , 13 years . best lyric : " read a year old mail / now you should 've told me / i 've been repeating myself / only far less convincingly 
music neg 326.txt this has got to be the worst pile of trash i ever heard , right now i cant think of anything worse then this . the same ol trash bling and girls . and if you got jd and bow wow on your album at the same time , its gonna be wack . and do these n***** even know what franchise mean ? what does that word have to do with their name ? i 'll just start a click called ham & cheese and rap about flip flops and thongs for that matter 
books neg 44.txt nothing in this book was usable for me . okay , very little . if i was trying to write the next _ethan frome_ , then this book would be perfect . instead i write sci-fi and fantasy . i was looking for tips to improve my description of things ; this book recommends describing different things . too much emphasis on metaphor ( which is a wonderful tool but a tad obvious ) . if you want to write in a way people might actually communicate , this book might be a waste of your time . however , poets and pure-literary writers might find it more useful than i did 
software neg 537.txt this has caused serious technical errors on my systems- -all new laptops , desktops . it will cause ms word 2007 to crash and also cause a number of errors on your file system , possibly requiring you to re-install your vista os . worked well in windows xp and office 2003 environment , and they claim this is vista compatible , along with paperport 11. the company will not offer me a refund . i will pursue . 
books neg 437.txt i 'm the sort of guy who has a bit of trouble adapting to normal life . i 'm still bemused and puzzled the mechanics of toilet-flushing . my wife ( may she rest in peace ) bought me this book as an anniversary present last month before she was tragically torn apart by a rabid pack of alligators at a wyoming nature preserve . anyway , life moves on . much to my disappointment this book did not teach me everything i should know how to do . " but fred , " you might be saying ( and i 'll be saying " fred is n't my name , idiot ! " ) , " how do you know what you should know if you do n't know what it is to begin with ? " ah , well , let me explain . see , if tchikavoslky taught me one thought , it was this : i know nothing . so it is with this deep insight into my own mind that i came up with the following things i should know , based on what i currently do not know : 1. how to start a hurricane . this is very important . 2. how to kill a man with a toothpick . what if you met a hitman at a fancy restaurant and found out your were his next victim ? scary . 3. how to run a nuclear powerplant with a one-man army . i do n't want to be the next homer simpson ! 4. how to raise children . i 've raised ten and still have n't figured out what a diaper is . 5. what a diaper is . i do n't know , my wife used to talk about them a lot . 6. how to drive . sure , technically we 're supposed to learn how before we get our driver 's licenses , but like many people , i just got a fake one when i was 12 and have been driving since then . i 've been in over three hundred vehicular accidents and been charged with five counts of manslaughter , so i figured it might be good to learn how to drive . 7. how to stalk a celebrity . you just never know . 8. how to put on underwear without leaving stain marks . you fellas know what i 'm saying ! 9. how to make coffee . people ask me to all the time , and because i do n't know how , i just take some warm water and pour mud in . thankfully no one 's noticed my inadequacies yet , but i 'm sure soon enough they will , after another person dies of food poisoning and internal infection . 10. how to kill yourself . i do n't want the aliens to get anything out of me when i 'm taken hostage . i saw it in that tom cruise movie , and it was sure scary ! so with these things in mind , i 'm severely disappointed by this book , and feel it is mis-marketed and stupid . please , barbet schroeder ( or whoever the author was ) , write a better book next time 
camera neg 168.txt the camera worked perfectly for one week and then stopped working permanently . i just sent it off for repairs and have not received a diagnosis as to the root of the problem 
books pos 809.txt i 'm in love with the impressionists in general and with auguste renoir in particular . his palette is full of light ; soft pink , greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again . as most impressionists renoir paint wonderful every day scenes , mainly outside as his magnificent : " the luncheon of the boating party " ( 1881 ) , " the swing " ( 1876 ) and " le moulin de la galette " ( 1876 ) , whose careful reproductions are shown here . he was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived : full of little moments of simple joy and relax . he was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his " on the terrace " ( 1881 ) in the cover of this book or " two girls in black " ( 1881 ) . another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple , which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy . it does n't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in " city dance " or commoners as in " dance at bougival " both from 1883. at the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight : " seated bather " ( 1914 ) and " the nymphs " ( 1918 ) . his life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment . reproductions are awesome and do justice to the artist . do not miss this book ! reviewed by max yofre . 
books pos 202.txt paul johnson has written a 1 , 000-page book about various and sundry aspects of the years 1815-1830 , years in which he rightly claims to find the origins of many aspects of the world as we know it today . johnson 's chosen foci are certainly broad : he ranges from events in politics and law to music , science , and even opium use . while almost every page is loaded with fascinating morsels of information that will certainly come in handy when you want to impress people at your next social function , johnson 's roving eye and pen can be disconcerting : he tends to shift topics very quickly and without warning . also , while the book claims to be about " world society , " johnson spends the largest part of his time talking about british society - - but he 's found plenty of ways to range geographically from the " western " united states ( like kentucky ) to china and singapore . throughout , his prose is generally crisp and pleasant to read . overall , johnson has given us what might be the ultimate in bedtime reading : a vast book that one can pick up , open nearly at random , and learn something interesting about the past but which retains significance today 
software neg 37.txt junk ! i am a professional photographer and have used 2.0 for years for quick fixes and easy additions , thinking they might have made some improvements to make life easier.. . i was wrong . this program is a step back . i was a refund ! i do n't know who is writing they like this new version , but buyer beware ! laur 
camera pos 571.txt this is a good padded case for your camera . but the back pocket shown in the picture with a phone stick out , was not deep enough for my phone with antenna attached . it measure 4 " x 3.5 " . but other than that i enjoy using this bag 
health pos 283.txt i use these glasses all the time at work . they sure are handy . glad i bought them 
camera pos 979.txt the flash works very well , i do wedding photogrphy so i need a good flash . it works great . i am very happy with this product 
camera neg 291.txt i bought the converter since i wanted to use it for landscape photography . i took some test shots and discovered that the converter has an unacceptable amount of barrel distorion . if you are thinking about buying this product just be aware that you will have to correct your images through software after you take them 
dvd neg 480.txt as the us european command a-2 ( director of air intelligence ) during this phase of the disintegration of yugoslavia , i was surprised to see the ending - - what happened to the admiral and pilot . historical ? no way ! the only plane shot down was a single-seat us air force f-16 pioted by capt mcbrien ( sp ? ) while on combat air patrol ( cap ) , no cameras . some naval f-14s carried film-loaded cameras in pods , but most of the imagery pin-pointing mass graves came from u-2s and satellites ( and good coordination with french peacekeepers on the ground ) . so , this movie was fiction . it could have conveyed a better message , a better review of the decay of the former yugoslavia and the dominant role of serbian forces . but the producers decided action via fiction was better than learning fact 
camera neg 774.txt overall this is a well-designed case which is custom fit for your panasonic lx1 or lx2 camera , but it has a few major flaws . first , there is no simple way to attach it to your belt . there is a belt loop on the back but it is so small and tight that it wo n't fit any belt more than 1 / 2 " wide . also , there are two zippers on this case , one on each side , which could potentially scratch your camera coming in or out of the pocket . finally , the velcro tab that closes the case is not particularly strong and can occassionally pop loose on its own . this might be a good case if you are going to keep it in your backpack or suitcase , but not for carrying around for everyday use . 
camera neg 241.txt after a few months use the camera got persnickety , often demanding upon startup that i restart it . now that the camera has completely broken down , with the lens fully extended and stuck in place , i think this was a sign of a too-delicate lens mechanism that was beginning to deteriorate . another durability issue concerns the finish : the plastic coating on the 4-way rocker switch on the back that controls image review , flash , etc. , quickly wore off , and there are other small scratches all over the body of the camera . not a big deal in itself , but annoying given the other problem . the lens is prone to strange flaring , especially indoors , where lights in the room often up as large white blotches at various points of the frame . several photos were ruined , or have required tedious photoshopping . otherwise , the lens is fine and reasonably sharp , although nothing to write home about . the camera seems to hunt for autofocus lock more than some comparable models , e.g. , canon a610. many frames are motion-blurred , as well . there are ways to avoid this , but i did n't buy a point-n-shoot with fiddly controls and menus in order to mess around with aperture-priority exposure , thank you . there are a few things to recommend it : not only is it relatively inexpensive , it has a lens significantly wider than the competition- -31 or 32mm equivalent vs. 35mm . those few mm 's make a big difference when you ca n't move back far enough to get everything in the frame . it is also quick in its operations ( except when hunting for focus , see above . ) the jpegs it cranks out are extremely colorful- -bright red so much so that details sometimes seems to be lost- -but generally everything looks good . skintones are good . still , with the durability issue , this one 's not worth it . lucky for me , unlike the other user who seemingly experienced the same type of breakdown , i did keep the receipt . anyone wanna buy a memory stick pro duo 
dvd pos 107.txt one of the movies i like to watch over and over . jessica tandy played a great character in this movie . my order came real quick 
health neg 825.txt i had heard that chocoleans were effective , but i was very disappointed . they taste good , but did n't satisfy my hunger or my sweet tooth . about the same as eating a piece of dark chocolate . i wound up gaining weight while using these 
books neg 532.txt let 's face it- -if you want to get a non-fiction self help type book published and sold today , you better have a completely original idea- -or make it controversial and provacative . i would hope that ms. bennetts ' opinions are written for this purpose since they are so extreme . i am a college educated stay at home mom of two small boys . i am proud to be doing that and to be defering to my husband to support me / us financially in this mutual decision . i feel it 's a personal decision to stay home and try not to be judgemental of others , but to me there is no career worth giving up taking them and picking them up from school everyday , helping in their class , having simple chats after school , and most important being very present in their young lives . does that mean i 'm sitting back fat , dumb and happy , expecting 100% to live the fairy tale so i can turn stupid and dependent on him for my every need ? of course not . our relationship is solid , his job is as stable as one can be , we have good life insurance and a lot of it . here 's an important one- -we live within our means ! we do n't have two leased cars and a house we ca n't afford . in addition , while i have " given up " my career to raise my kids full time , i have a lot of skills , drive , and no doubt that in that worst case scenario i could provide an income when and if i need to . i certainly would hope no one would give up the opportunity to stay home because of these so called realistic fears . look , if you want to be a working mom by choice- -knock yourself out . but do n't look for excuses to justify it to yourself and others by saying you 're doing it in case of the worst . that would be a bigger " feminine " mistake 
dvd pos 349.txt thank heaven for larry david and curb your enthusiam , or there would be nothing brilliantly entertaining and provocative to watch that was n't political , except south park & reno 911 , which are really in a different league altogether 
music pos 116.txt need to say more ? this is one of the most beautiful and honest records western popular music ever seen . she sings beauty , so lovely , as some fairy enchanting gnomes in a huge yet peaceful forest , away from the horrors of humanity . that alien feeling you 'll get it since its first five seconds and it will lasts till the end . druids of the world unite 
camera pos 65.txt i bought the rebel xt w / the 18-55 lens exactly 18 hours before the xti was introduced , but that 's another story . as this is my first dslr , i was blown away by the results . but after the initial euphoria , there is always room for improvement . my first choice was the 28-200 , favoring the longer zoom over the is , but i found this one used at penn camera and got a deal on it and a 380ex flash , so the decision was made for me . i like the zoom range , it 's great for framng portraits . if i need wider angle , i still have the kit lens . i wo n't make the usual complaints about the herky-jerky zoom ring or the rackety extension tubes , as i was prepared for this by these reviews before i ever saw the lens . i 'm no expert on sharpness , and still trying to get myself dialed in , but my shots so far look pretty sharp to me . i have no " l " lenses to compare to , nor would i make the comparison if i did . in my somewhat uninformed opinion , this is a great step up from the kit lens . this is a lens a working guy can afford and most likely get great results with . being a working guy , i 'm extremely happy with it so far , and glad i made the purchase . 
dvd pos 549.txt this " special addiction " dvd of " reefer madness from twentieth century fox home entertainment is truly awesome ! ! ! includes both original black and white and colorized versions of the now cult classic ! ! ! plus some great extras too , including 2 commentaries and the hilarious " gandpa 's marijuana handbook " ! two thumbs up ! ! ! five stars ! ! 
books pos 252.txt i recommend this book highly for anyone who is losing a close family member or friend to illness or who has lost someone and just are having a hard time coming to terms with why 
software neg 262.txt my desktop cd-rom refused to recognize that the cd was in the tray . it did recognize other cds . my desktop is a hp pavilion 2000 with windows xp homeversion . my laptop did accept the cd so i know that it is not the cd . i purchased the product for use on my desktop , not the laptop . i would appreciate instructions on fixing the problem 
camera neg 320.txt " lens error , restart camera " message appears today ( mar 26 ) after buying production on amazon on feb 20 , 07. when i searched google for this error message saw thousands of canon users having similar error / e18 error with older and newer version of the canon . i have tried panasonic and sonys before and never had an issue . i dread that canon customer service is going to waste my hours in getting a replacement and ultimately may end up charging me over a 100 for repairs like they have done to other users ( after reading user feedback on web ) 
music pos 418.txt wrathchild alone is worth the purchase of this album . its just that darn good of a song . but hey , the whole album is good . the title track is brutally awesome , especially live on the beast over hammersmith cd ( iron maiden box set ) . and murders in the rue morgue is another classic . then there is drifter , and the two intrumentals the ides of march and ghengis khan ( who papa roach would rip off the guitar riff from for their one hit wonder song last resort ) . maybe not as good as their debut album , but still a masterpeice of an album 
books pos 395.txt in all the talk about education issues these days , it 's easy to forget that what 's really important is the relationship , the energy , between students and teacher . when the teacher closes his door and is face-to-face with thirty kids- -that 's where it 's at . it 's not test scores or textbooks or innovative curriculum- -it 's what happens between people in a classroom . this book shows that dynamic relationship between eager , active kids and a caring , active teacher . it 's not all pleasant , and successes are sometimes small , but a pervasive caring underlies it all . as a teacher , this book reminded me that sometimes the best thing i can do for my kids is to leave all that paperwork , go for a walk , go to bed early so i can be there for them the next day 
health neg 988.txt i loved ths retractable cord hair dryer when i first bought it about a year ago . now it 's starting to stop running . it appears to be a short in the power cord in the inclosed casing . when i 'm using it...it works then it stops , then i shake it and then it starts to work again , sometimes . my last hair dryer lasted over 20 years . they just do n't make products like they use to . for this price i should n't expect much . i guess you really do get what you pay for ! this hair dryer is perfect to take on an airline . if it 's not allowed on the plane and they throw it out , ......who cares 
dvd neg 504.txt most boring of the barbie movies , i am sure glad my daughter has stopped asking to watch it over and over . and when it is so boring it seems to drag on forever . and i agree with another reviewer , princess and the pauper and rapunzel , much better ! ! ! 
health neg 728.txt this is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . to enough room for diapers etc 
software neg 595.txt i have been using paperport since it came from my visioneer scanner for about 9 / 10 years and since then upgraded a few versions . after reading hyped-up product features of version 11 from nuance website , i cannot justify upgrading my paperport software to pro given its current cost . i am pretty sure that a lot more people ( especially loyal users like me ) would snap it up if it was little cheaper . i will probably wait for some time for price to go down... . it will also need time to stabilize ( no patches yet ! ! ! ) and become compatible with vista . for those of you who got lotsa money ( please send me some ) , i would recommend paperport as a decent doc managment s / w 
health pos 863.txt as a reviewer of the hitachi magic wand , i can say that this accuvibe seems just as adaquate to do the job , the plus is that this can be used with or without the power cord . perhaps just not as powerfull as the hatachi but pretty dam comparable if not the same , the cordless battery operation is worth the trade off . as mentioned it does the job 
health neg 588.txt i like to use the wet wipes , they 're good products . i gave only 2 stars because the package was n't packed well . i received the package this week . all seals of three boxes were broken , lids fell off , and the wipes were everywhere in the package , they were dried up , but the amazon packing box was all soaked wet , and it almost fell apart . what a mess it was ! 
dvd pos 956.txt david cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of stephen king 's novel , and christopher walken was superb in his portrayal of johnny smith ( no middle initial ) . the supporting cast added to the film : martin sheen was a convincing greg stilson ( was this a warm up for his west wing role ? ) , i 'm a big fan of tom skerritt , and i did n't recognize herbert lom from his pink panther role . this movie ( and the book ) are put in the horror genre , but i would consider the story to be true science fiction . smith 's character was in a coma for several years , and the story 's premise is that this coma enabled his brain to tap into psychic ablilities . there is nothing supernatural about the villains ; they 're just normal bad people . this movie is not completely faithful to the movie . some of the changes are to make it fit a moderately lengthed movie ( 104 minutes ) instead of a 400+ page novel . some of the changes add moderate suspense , keeping the interest of someone who read the novel first . i do question the need for some of the changes - - i do n't know why johnny smith 's psychic abilities required personal contact in the movie ( he could learn things touching people 's clothes or a geographic spot in the book ) , and i did n't think it was necessary of having his tutoree be a younger boy in the movie instead of a teenager as in the book ( this made for what i considered weaker parts of the movie ) . true science fiction is effective because it takes a normal person , puts them in an abnormal situation , and thus investigates the person 's character . due to the time constraints of the movie , it did not as effectively deal with the wrestlings of conscience smith had , but they were not absent either . as a result , the story ( both book and movie ) have a feel of a classic tragedy . this movie is not for children , though it could have easily gained a pg rating ( this movie came out the year before pg-13 was introduced ) . the r rating was gained by one usage of the f-word , a couple of seconds of a revealed breast , and a short gruesome scene involving the death of a character . ( cromemberg has a reputation for gruesomeness in his other movies , like " scanners " , " videodrome " , and the 1986 remake of " the fly " ; this movie had him more subdued , but very effective . ) besides the r-rating , there are aspects of the story ( equally true in the novel as in the movie ) that i find disturbing as a fundamentalist minister . this is because of its dependence on situation ethics . adultery and murder are considered acceptable on the part of johnny smith because of the situations . in spite of these misgivings , i think this was an excellent movie . i think it was worthy of several awards , such as acting nominations for walken and sheen , for adapted screenplay , and for best picture . 
books pos 683.txt caine 's book is by far the most practical book on acting i 've read , and i 've read a few . some are very beautifuly written , poetic and psychological , but for someone who really wants to learn something about acting for film , i would recommend this book first . it is at times bleakly honest but highly readable . if you 've done any acting , you 'll find yourself nodding frequently 
music pos 394.txt this album gives me goosebumps . i got it because of eric dolphy , but there is a lot more to listen to on this album than eric dolphy alone ( though he 's excellent as usual ) . the inclusion of booker ervin gives the album the perfect texture , as his style in many ways contradicts that of dolphy . although the styles are different , they complement each other perfectly . mal waldron is a great composer , and many of his most excellent ideas appear on this album . the song " thirteen " is a fine example...you 'll just have to listen to it . everyone on this album smokes . get this...you wont regret it 
music pos 81.txt before i review this classic rolling stones album , i just want to point out that juke box hero and whirligig are one in the same person . a troll who likes to trash great music and praise dire straits ( who are a good band but nit the greatest ) and green day . i say cut the shenanigans ! now that is off my chest , back to the review ! the rolling stones ' second album to be released on their own label fittingly called rolling stones records , which was distributed by atlantic at the time ( now virgin / capitol ) , entitled exile on main street was released in may of 1972. the album was the band 's only double studio album but is one of rock 's greatest double studio albums in history and ranks up there with other classic 2-record sets like the wall , quadrophenia , the lamb lies down on broadway and tommy among others . before guitarist keith richards ' heroin addiction took over for some time in the mid-1970s , he was what the late producer jimmy miller called a workhorse . the album was recorded at keith 's home in france and at olympic studios in london and muscle shoals in alabama and in los angeles . keith 's music and frontman mick jagger 's lyric writing was arguably at its peak on exile on main street . songs like the opening rocker rocks off , the 50s sounding rocker rip this joint , the album 's hit tumbling dice , the country-ish sweet virginia , keith 's classic rocker happy ( and it is his most famous track which he sang ) , the slow-ish soul survivor , the fast-paced blues rocker all down the line and the soul sounding shine a light are classics which sound like they could have been recorded yesterday . ventilator blues was another highlight as it was the only song that mick and keith wrote was co-written by guitarist mick taylor whom just tore the place up from 1969-74 ( his solos just rocked from 1969-74 ) . exile on main street was the rolling stones ' second consecutive #1 album and another million seller . the tour in support of the album saw the band getting bigger and bigger . almost 35 years on , this album is still a classic ! this album is hugely recommended 
camera neg 44.txt i was deeply dissapointed in this lens hood . given that the cost is about 10% of the cost of the lens for which it was intended ( the 70-300 is in this case ) i expected it to be of stiff durable polycarbonate . -positives - fulfills the basic function of a lens hood - prevents flare , etc. the bayonet locking system is excellent , much easier to deal with than scew-on type lens hoods . that 's about it . -negatives - the polycarbonate is so thin i half expect it to be translucent . the hood must be gripped by the base to remove it , as grippng the thin end of the hood may break it ; or at least it feels like it may break it . its very long . especially on the 70-300 which is already a long lens , this makes a fully extended zoom about a foot long . that 's pretty conspicuous . it 's very overpriced vs. generic lenses ( $50 vs. $5-10 for rubber or metal ) . i traded it in and went with a kalt rubber lens hood . 2 stars for the great bayonet design , but the rest of it is weak 
camera neg 72.txt i have known canon to be a very high quality company . however , i was deeply shocked and disappointed to find that this camera fails to meet the expectations i had about this camera . a few years ago i bought the fujiffilm 3800. i loved this camera but after a few ski trips i found it rather bulky . i then bought the canon s500 becaus of its small size and after many good reviews about the s400. for most of the pictures i take on a ski trip this camera is fine . however , if you are taking pictures other than outdoors in the daytime , this camera is worse than a disposable camera . first , there is no red-eye reduction . it simply does not work when i set it to take flash with red-eye reduction . second , pictures taken at dusk or dawn come out blurry . i would speculate that the shutter speed is way too slow and you would need a tripod . third , night picture ? ....forget about it . i tried to get a beatiful picture of the chicago skyline but the picture was underexposed . so , i tried the manual mode and played with the exposure settings and i could not get a setting that would produce non-blurry pictures . looks like i 'll be back in the market for a fujifilm . after all the reviews i 've read , i 'm waiting for the other shoe to drop ( e18 , lcd , etc. ) . not to mention the terrible service that i have been reading about 
music pos 293.txt if you do not own this album you must get your hand on a copy . it is the best debut album since definatly mayby . tracks like & quot ; golden touch&quot ; & quot ; v.i.c.e&quot ; well lets just say every song on the album is a bonnifide hit including the banging&quot ; stumbble and fall&quot ; which will have you tapping your toes from the first 2 seconds . if you like the libretines or the others or are just looking for a solid cd this is a must have 
music neg 87.txt there used to be a time when rap was not synonymous with the likes of hillary duff . no longer is that true , if you call this rap . puff was n't that good to begin with , and i never owned any of his cds but i knew of him...anyway , by the time i heard he changed his name to pdiddy , i about laughed until i pissed myself . ( ... 
music neg 773.txt these guys are not artists . they are unimaginative lamebrains unwittingly and badly rewriting already overplayed music from a long dead scene . it 's like a few monkeys build a house , and all the other monkeys rave about it , but in reality the house is just a banana tree with a welcome mat.. . whatever that means . i am constantly astounded as to how waste like this gets on the radio . buy this cd if you want to vomit everywhere . 
books neg 96.txt the amount of violence in this book is excessive over relatively insignificant motives . i had a hard time believing all this was happening in 1948. i am not questioning mosley 's portrayal of racism . however , i did a little research into just how violent place los angeles was in 1948 , and the answer is not very . there may have been poverty , racism , alcholism , but l.a. county seemed pretty safe ; the late 1940s had some of the lowest homicide rates since as far back as one researcher was able to find , 1827 ! mosley may have been more familiar with l.a. of the 1970s and 1980s and just assumed that it had always been that way . throw in speakeasies , gangsters hijacking liquor trucks , and one gets the impression that mosley is confusing the 1948 with 1928. i am not so pedantic as to insist that fiction be historically accurate . but many , many people hail mosley for depicting a dark side of life / era / place that had not been shown before . from what i can tell , he has simply combined stereotypes from the 1920s and 1970s ( i guess those years average to be about 1948 ) . mosley is depicting a fantasy world of his own creation . however , i doubt he ever tried to pass it off as authentic , and i hope readers realize that it is not . easy rawlins in this novel falls into the rather weak , but unfortunately large , group of fictional detectives that actually accomplish little detecting . a detective actually solves a mystery using his own intellect ; that is interesting to read . detectives in less skilled hands solve mysteries via confession . easy does solve one of the murders on his own , but just about everything he " solves " is simply confessed to him . i find that extremely dissatisfying . mosley has packed the book with violence , but seems to know very little about violence himself . none of the fights are well described . easy , for being a self-professed " killing machine " ca n't actually fight worth a damn and is surrounded by guns but does not apparently know anything about them . they are either big or they are small . he does not come of as being hard-boiled , but rather a pathetic braggart mosley does show signs of being a very good writer . but i think he is too far over his head in this genre to come up with something exceptional . i imagine that his work must have improved , but this effort is nothing to get exceited over . and again , i do n't obsess over accuracy , but a little bit of research would have gone a long way in firming the foundation of this novel . 
music neg 244.txt if you are looking for boring , lifeless adult contemporary music , then this cd is for you . if you are looking for a great guitar cd , this is n't it . i had such high hopes for this cd after the robert johnson cds and the cream reunion , but all winning streaks must come to an end , and clapton 's comes to a screeching halt with this . of all the eric clapton cds that i like , this is n't one of them . i 'm glad clapton is now in a happy place ( and deservedly so ) , but this cd just does n't do it for me 
camera neg 760.txt this is the 7th olympus camera i 've owned over the years , from film to digital . i have always been very pleased with olympus cameras and their usual superior optics . this camera , though , is a major disappointment , mainly because even though it can shoot in raw , there is no compatible conversion available yet , leaving you unable to process raw images . this renders the camera worthless at this time for serious pictures as you have no choice but to shoot in jpeg . olympus should have ensured that vendors such as adobe had the necessary information to make the compatible raw conversion plug-ins available before this camera hit the market . there 's no excuse for olympus to not have made sure this was the case , indeed it 's downright irresponsible . having said the above , the camera lens is quite nice , the camera itself operates well . you can take quite good pictures . however , the camera is not suitable for flash pictures in medium to low-light situations as there is significant lag time from the time you press the shutter to the picture actually being taken- -- -if you 're taking pictures of people , they will have moved by the time the picture is taken . the battery life is very good . the camera fits nicely in your palm . and , having a 28 - 500 mm lens is great . if you do n't shoot in raw and you do n't depend on flash photography , the camera is worth a look . otherwise , look at other products at this time 
health neg 36.txt i bought this from amazon and i do n't like it - the masured temperature drifts from 96.8f to 99.6f in 6 minutes . so inaccurate 
camera pos 125.txt after way too much time infront of a pc reading reviews or a camera store counter ( damn i was sick of it ) , this d80 is what i chose . bought it 2 weeks ago and then went on a 10 day trip west . after draging it everywhere i has not let me down . for the price its perfect . i 'm still working out exactly how to make it work to its potential aswell as fighting understanding of other manufacturers camera layouts in my head ) at work i have a rebel xt i bought last year as i need its compact casing . my brother has the canon d30 after he progressed from the xt and a friend on the west coast has the d200. having experience both i still love what i chose . my biggest reason however for going again with nikon was that i already have a n6006 film camera with a lens and my hope was i could use its nikkor af 35-105mm with this camera and give myself more options . after reading lots of reviews as to whether this was possible and finally taking the lens to a shop i found it worked fine . experience in the field in the last 10 days has shown it does not work seemlessly buy that may well be me not the lens . the 2.5 inch lcd is sooo much easier to read than the rebel xt . the info read out on top is much better placed than the one above the lcd on the xt ( if obstructed in an architectural model shoot and i ca n't see through the viewfinder myself , i certainly ca n't see the info screen if its below it ) . i did n't go with the 18-135 in the end for a lens as there is a vinyetting issue at the high end which bothered me . i got a great deal for the same price at cameraland in new hampshire for the d80 and the ( d70s ) 18-70mm tried and trusted lens . fab . now need to save up and wait for the release of the 80-300 vr lens thats coming out . would love the 80-400 vr but its 3 times the price . my hardest time was finiding someone with it in stock , at a price i wanted to pay , the set up i wanted and who was n't trying to make a dodgie deal ( like some of those cheap web based places in nyc ) .it really was the hardest part of the purchase in the end . i was surprised . many people were almost reluctant to make a sale . it was wierd . parts are hard to get too apparently like a spare battery and very few places have the 18-135 lens instock either . anyway enjoy your purchase if you choose this camera . i hope it takes many great pictures for you . 
health neg 422.txt before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . i have a number of older cross pens that say " usa " near the top , and they are great pens . however , i have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . the top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . the first one i got , i sent it back to cross for warranty repair under their " lifetime guarantee , " only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a " handling fee " attached . i was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . so later on when some new colors came out , i bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect . my advice : if you want a good cross pen , go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in usa . they are n't making them the same anymore . 
software neg 470.txt this software only got one star because i couldnt give it a zero . it never worked on my windows xp computer . i couldnt open the program , couldnt close it , couldnt get the sytem to shut down . after a hard shutdown , windows would not start . tech support couldnt figure out the problem . i uninstalled panda , reinstalled norton and system is working fine . i would not recommend 
books neg 567.txt here 's a real-review : *the first 100 pages are about how her mother made her get a nose job that when wrong . *the second 100 pages are about the frankenstein movie . *the last 90 pages are about every movie-star that 's ever gotten cosmetic surgery . and the whole thing is stitched together with an english teacher 's weekend theory on how a mix of " simulations and simulacra " + " the ego and the id " explain why people get cosmetic surgery . if you 're someone who orders books online based on catchy titles , then do yourself a favor and skip this one . how can a book on cosmetic surgery not even talk about the golden ratio ? 
software pos 487.txt this is a wonderful and very useful program , not only for school age kids but also for adults . it is full of useful information . it comes very handy when you want to learn about anything . look for any topic , you will find it there 
health pos 219.txt i am very happy with the emjoi compact epilator that i purchased . it does exactly what it claims to do and works wonderfully . until i asked a salon for advice on the best way to remove unwanted facial hair , i did n't even know something like this exhisted . i just wish i would have known about this product years ago . a . davis 
health neg 307.txt i never received this item - - nor could i get a response from the company when i asked about it . my opinion - - rip off 
camera neg 442.txt nothing special and probably over-priced for what it is . the leather is nigh on invisible . it 's more of a skin to protect the camera from scratches , " case " would be stretching the definition somewhat 
camera pos 864.txt this flash is the perfect back-up for a studio , or main / flash fill for an amateur studio . i use several w / slaves and lines and the images rival set-ups that cost thousands of dollars . i like that they are light and easy to pack and transport . they are reasonably priced . they have been around for a long time and do not have bells and whistles . the sunpak has auto / f-stop and manual . if you are a real photographer , you will know how to use them . the down side is that if your sunpak is plugged into a wall , it takes far too long to recharge ( sometimes 3-5 seconds ) . rechargeable batteries seem to work the best with 1-3 second recharge times between flashes . 
books pos 607.txt if you 're only slightly interested in the ways the evolution works , then this is it . but beware to have some knowledge about the basics of evolution before moving on to this book . there 's a bit of a steep learning curve when you 're not all to familiair with darwin 's brilliant theory . it also gives a nice insight in the way scientists work 
music neg 290.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 261.txt another torrent of mild tripe from everyone 's " favourite " dj , tiesto . what on earth is he going to do when the supply of inane , pastel-coloured eurovomit dance music runs out ? when i think about the number of times i 've heard him touted as " world 's number one best voted dj " or " dj mag top 100 finalist " , you 'd start to think that the man can actually mix records , when in fact rather than mix them , he tends to grind them together roughly into a nightmarish aural paste then reconfigure them violently in new , unusual and horrendously nauseating forms . i can absolutely confirm this . i have had the startling and displeasing experience of witnessing it live . the sad truth of the matter is , that there are any number of drug-addicted fluoro-pants-wearing 16 year old ravers out there , and all are quite willing to buy boring rubbish like this . or at least all are prepared to ask their mum and dad to buy it for them for xmas . i sign off in disgust 
dvd pos 635.txt we caught this movie on pbs when it first came on , and my daughter was hooked . it 's a change from the regular arthur animation - this one is computer animated . she was very intrigued by that fact , and then the story is about a puppy.. . well there you go ! the story is well written , a little scary at times when the guard dogs are chasing after pal . there are even a few catchy tunes as well . highly recommend this to every arthur fan out there 
dvd pos 586.txt as any visual footage on ike & tina turner is pretty scarce , i guess we may be thankful for this great dvd . their 1971-show being integrally covered by dutch television , it reveals ike & tina supported by a pretty good band and , last but not least , by the marvellous ikettes . all this at a time their performance must have been at its very peak . 
health neg 688.txt the friend who i purchased this for was not able to use it because it moved too fast for her to keep up with . she is used to a two wheeled walker , but wanted one with a seat . she did n't keep the original packaging so could not get a full refund . it turned out that return shipping was going to be more than what she would get for a refund ; so she did n't return it . the lesson : better buy local if you 're not sure 
health neg 669.txt i wanted a good reading lamp and bought this lamp after doing a bit of research . after taking the very heavy lamp out of the box and assembling it , i turned it on to find that it gives off very little light . i thought it might be something i would need to get used to and sat down that night to read only to find that my eyes were straining under the light . i tried using the lamp during the day / twilight and found that the illumination of the lamp was barely noticable . though it was quite a feat to put the lamp back into the box it was shipped in , i returned it to amazon which is something i rarely do 
software pos 961.txt i recently purchased the anime studio 5 but not the pro version , which costs 150 more and gives more functionality . this is a fully functioning animation software , with lots of interesting features . i can see no reason that a novice animator such as i am would not be happy with this software . i would like to see more energy put into a manual , but you can scavenge the anime blog / chat site to find answers , or google other places . with a more robust manual , this would be 5 stars , not 4. it is really the reason i am reluctant to upgrade to pro , because i would want more lessons and tutorials to go along with the upgrade . if you have an interest in animating , this is the software for you . 
health neg 936.txt i bought this to save time . it took me longer to stem press one shirt then ironing by conventional iron . it was too small . i end up returing it which cost me @$25 in shipping cost both ways 
dvd neg 57.txt i was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between " the gospel " and " the fighting temptations " . i would not recommend purchasing . you are better off renting 
software pos 838.txt my 12 year old daughter plays this game for hours at a time . she is a horse nut and loves it . the player gets to groom , breed and train horses . i would definetly recommend for any horse crazy kid 
music pos 701.txt this is such an good industrial album , that i was sitting and listening to it and all the adjectives that i wanted to use seemed not good enough . however , if i have to put one then it has to be these , brilliant , astounding , stupendous and awesome . this is probably one of the best industrial albums of all time . the first track is good and then it just gets better and better . in fact the first track is not as good as the other ones and could have been replaced with another track . the book-let is ok but the lyrics are missing , but still it is an important release since it showed that inudtrial bands are tallented muisicians and can sing . minphaser , life line , guna are some of the best made industrial tracks ever with the intricate layers of sounds , bets and samples . the keyboard sounds are constantly amazing and this is an album not to be missed if one likes industrial music 
health pos 51.txt i mean come on , who needs 5 blades right ? well , after thoughtful consideration of the major improvement that the mach iii was over a twin head razor , i decided that $10 was worth the price of a cheap thrill so i took the plunge , and to my surprise this thing works beyond my expectations . the first thing i noticed was that this new fusion has a more powerful engine than the mach iii . the second thing i found was that this razor gives me a much closer shave than the mach iii , and with very little effort , and those tight spots that my old razor would always miss are not a problem anymore . and i find this razor to be very comfortable without a single nick that others have complained about . but i do use this razor strictly for my face if you know what i mean . haw haw 5 blade 
books pos 832.txt from lenny sands ' " hush-hush " dirt-digging memo : " bing crosby 's drying out at a catholic church retreat for alcoholic priests and nuns outside 29 palms . cardinal spellman visited him there . they went on a bender and drove to l.a. blotto . spellman sideswiped a car filled with wetbacks and sent 3 of them to the hospital . bing bought them off with autographed pictures and a few hundred dollars . spellman flew back to new york with the dt's . bing stayed in l.a. long enough to beat up his wife and then went back to the dry-out farm . 
health pos 499.txt this is 100 percent plastic , makes me nervous dealing with it . the variable sprays are nice , one is so wide it shoots outside the shower . make sure you crank on this when fixing it to the water pipe . i really had to tighten it to keep it from leaking . one other reader snapped hers on the install , i was afraid the same would happen . it is a good shower head , not great 
music neg 781.txt golijov 's music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own " enlightened " weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks ' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank . 
software pos 729.txt i have used this product for the last three years and i am very satisfied with it and recommend it highly 
camera neg 167.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all 
health pos 956.txt this product does a surprising job for its low price . it gives my hair so much body and softness , and is extremely easy to use . gets plenty hot enough 
books neg 867.txt homesick : my own story by jean fritz is a story about an american girl who grows up in china . she spends a good part of her life wishing she could be in america , where she belongs . when she 's not doing that , she 's corresponding with her grandmother , trying to make friends with some young chinese children , and learning british culture in school . as you can see , jean fritz would be an excellent storywriter had she made it up . however , this story is an autobiography , and is in almost no way fictional . jean fritz is an excellent storywriter anyway , though . jean fritz describes the setting as if her pen were a plane ticket . her story line makes it difficult to locate the plot , or even understand the full story . the autobiography is punctuated by emotions . all in all , this is a fine educational history text , but is not , in my opinion , a fitting storybook 
health pos 209.txt my husband is very pleased with his " self-cleaning " razor , although he did n't like the idea of having to keep purchasing the cleaning solution packs . it 's an excellant appliance 
camera neg 163.txt just for the record , my lens has frozen as many others have complained on this and earlier casio models . presently in iraq , i do want to have a camera with me , but am not inclined to send it back in view of the reports of poor customer service . sad . it looked to be a great camera 
music neg 563.txt it ' curious how an interesting history can be not well told by a modern music . in some cases the music go to the hand with the story , but not in this cd , in which we say the music that it is not for the story . i did n't ejoyed with that c 
health neg 291.txt i purchased these but had to return them . while the molded strap is adjustable , it only opens up approx . 1 " . the magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5 " or larger around - at the eyebrows , forget it , these will not fit you 
books pos 563.txt this book is important for every one who has a back " issue " . given 5 as gifts to loved one 's experiencing back pain 
books neg 25.txt this is an overwritten and overhyped piece of fiction that will never pass for great literature . it is timely but it is not timeless . not one character comes alive even though they all talk endlessly . not one scene is memorable . the true nature of the book - - soap opera- - is cloaked under its many pages . messud is a good writer who in this instance could not tell a good story , and she seems to have believed her publicity machine . i ca n't believe that her husband , who a great literary critic , would not talk her out of publishing this . oh. i forgot . money and fame trumps quality every time . 
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny 
health neg 553.txt i agreed with all the criticism that the revlon eyelash curler ( now discontinued ) received . it broke quickly and used up batteries by the truckload . but the one thing it did well that the carmen curler does poorly is to provide the type of construction and shape that keeps you from accidently squeezing pieces of eyelid skin . this instrument catches my skin very easily and it 's hard to get good curled lashes without hurting my eyelids 
books neg 527.txt i have always been a prolific reader and rarely do i come across a book for which i can find no value , no redeeming qualities . but i must extend a hearty congratulations to julia barrett for writing the most astounding piece of horse excrement i have ever had the misfourtune to purchace . teachiing my cat to walk repeatedly over my keyboard would produce a work of more sense . if you are like me and just have to read it - just because you 're obsessed with austen - buy it used for 45 cents and then burn it 
camera neg 756.txt i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera 
health neg 164.txt when the internal rechargable battery dies so does the unit . the power cord will not power the shaver once the battery can no longer hold a charge . you cannot replace the regargable battery yourself ! sending the unit for factory repair after its warranty will cost you more than buying a new one . as for the shave : not bad , but not exceptional either . the cutters a very tiny , not built to last , and are not durable . all rechargable batteries have a limited life depening on conditions on how they are used . this shaver may last you a few months - a year , 2 to 3 years will be a stretch . i also have a braun and a norelco , the norelco is 10years old and running fine , the braun is 15 years - both have original cutters and foil - i heavy duty clean them in 97% alchohol about once a year , and brush out debris about once every 7 uses , these units dont have batteries and this is why i purchased the remington to have acess when there is no power plug available . the remington shaver really needs to have it 's cutter blades cleaned ( brushed off or washed ) after every use ( what a pain ) ! i find this shaver to be a waste of money as it is more akin to being a disposable electric shaver - than one that will last 
health pos 104.txt this was a perfect fit for my healthy lifestyle ! what i found also very helpful was getyoursexyon.myarbonne.com it was the only thing that i never thought would be missing from trying to be healthy everyday . guess there 's enough people vouching for my all time fav cliff bars so i wanted to spread the word , i know i wish i would have found out sooner ! 
health pos 610.txt i am diabetic and i have been losing about 10 lbs per month for 6 months eating these bars as a between meal source of protein . they satisfy my taste for something sweet and are filling . 
health neg 269.txt chair is not at all what it 's advertised as . does not massage just vibrates and makes you feel sick . compatible with sitting on a washing machine . 
software neg 211.txt yeah , i know it 's the industry standard , and it 's powerful , and all that stuff . but , my god , what a freaking pain to use . it 's just plain tedious to draw anything from scratch . while the interface in cs2 is an improvement , doing relatively simple drawings with primitive shapes and freehand curves still requires much more effort than it reasonably should . frankly , i could draw better stuff faster with 1990's -era macintosh drawing programs . the drawing issues are compounded by the fact that - - in true adobe spirit - - this program is incredibly bloated and slow . it 's slow doing everything.. . i 've never seen a program so slow starting up . and every time you save a file ( even a tiny drawing with 10 shapes ) you get a " saving file " progress bar for a few seconds . it 's also incredibly slow to shut down.. . frequently taking about 30 seconds . i 'm running it on a pentium m laptop , and i know this is not a " graphics professional " machine , but come on ! let 's get the lead out ! i just get the sense that adobe pays no attention whatsoever to efficiency or speed . that bugs me a lot 
dvd neg 623.txt avril 's music is ok but i hate this dvd . she 's trying to be " gothic " or whatever and it does n't work . it looks like she shopped at hot topic or something . avril , quit being goth ! you have no reason too ! and you are n't gothic . therefore , get singing lessons , and make a cd...because girl sorry you ca n't sing . but yeah , avril plays the guitar so it 's ok but 1 star for this goth imitation dvd 
health pos 985.txt i did n't think i would like the fragrance , but it 's absolutely wonderful . it 's not too sweet or strong . it smells good on my daughters and me . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed 
music neg 914.txt this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album 
camera pos 807.txt i just got this camera recently along with the printer . setting up was very simple . the only problem i came across was putting the ribbon in the printer . you have to use your finger to remove the slack from the ribbon but it 's not that easy . when you put the ribbon in the printer it gets caught on something and could damage the ribbon . it takes time and tons of patients to get that ribbon in the printer . the pictures come out very nice and print even better . i washed a couple of pictures to test the quality and they came out flawless . this camera is a value and should n't be passed up . the screen on the camera is huge and the buttons take some time to get use too . if you have any further questions feel free to comment them and i 'll reply as possible 
health neg 479.txt i thought buying a item with a well known name as this would be great . i would have hoped the price would even out my possible satisfaction for this product . also i loved the pink . when i opened the box the plates on the flat iron were hanging off . i tried to snap them into place but they would not stay . for the amount of money i payed i expected a much better product . needless to say i returned it the next day . 
camera pos 852.txt this diffuser is the same quality as the one that comes with the nikon sb 800 flash . it is much better than other aftermarket diffusers that require velcro . this is made to fit the sb 600 perfectly . it snaps on and off easily . angled at 75 degrees it provides excellent fill . i use it on the sb 600 set up as a slave with the sb 800 for fill and back lighting . it should have been included by nikon as original equipment but is inexpensive and cost effective . much better than the built in plastic flat diffuser 
dvd pos 490.txt martin short is priceless in this movie - i enjoyed every minute . 
books neg 176.txt i love heinlein . i think that he has a unique voice and perspective in the world of science fiction . i find that his plots and ideas are inventive . even this story was inventive in many ways , like some of the business ideas in regards to the new source of energy in the first chapters . however , i found this book as a whole to be very boring . much of this is due to the lack of fully fleshed characters . the & quot ; main&quot ; characters of each section of the book are n't fully realized at all . i would n't recommend this book unless you picked it up for free and were really , really bored 
health neg 207.txt it was a nice looking razor but it did n't work and i had to send it back for credit . i bought another one locally and had trouble with it also . i wonder if the 5200 just does n't have to many bells & whistles . i finally bought a 5100 it 's a plain jane but is working great 
health pos 98.txt i recently started weight watchers and was looking to purchase a new and accurate scale . i figured i would buy a ww product , but after reading the reviews , i decided to go with the omron scale . i am very pleased with this product . it has been extremely accurate . it keeps a history for both my husband and i . i would highly recommend this scale to anyone ! it is also an attractive scale which is a bonus . go with the omron scale 
software neg 848.txt the reviews of this software are a bit harsh , but pretty much true . it slow , is a resource hog , does n't really like to share the machine with other applications . support is bad , email transfer to move it to another system just plain does n't work and it is really hard to make a complete backup with all of your attachments . and - windows vista support is really limited . that said , if you have a really fast machine it does work well and has features i use every day that i ca n't get anywhere else . you can save any email as a history record attached to the sender or any other person in your contact database . these attachments are copies so they stay with the database even if you purge your email ( which is nice ) . email client is simple , but because it is n't outlook - i have personally been almost completely unaffected by worms , virus and other email hazards that have over the years affected most ms outlook users . this is a feature that has saved me more time than the hassles in the first paragraph . the program runs smoothly for me but , i have a core 2 duo 7200 with 2 gigabytes of ram . just about the fastest processor you can get . i think without the maximum processor and memory you will have delays and slooow loading times . one more issue you might have is making backups . since it uses a sql database that is open whenever sql server is running , a normal backup program might not be able to backup the database file . you need to stop the service first . this is a hassle that if you do n't know about you might be setting yourself up for disaster . 
camera neg 650.txt i just got this printer dock with a camera , and the printer feature is a real pain ! the paper will almost never feed no matter what i 've tried . when it does feed , it ends up jamming . i only successfully printed one picture and tried 7 others and then the laminate was gone . i 'm very unhappy with it and will probably send it back 
health pos 521.txt and now a word from david lynch , as spoken by dean stockwell as doctor yueh in dune : " the tooth . the tooooootttttttth . remember the tooth . " seriously , my daughter loves dora the explorer and my goals are to get her to brush her teeth for longer than two minutes . i bought this dora the explorer battery powered electric toothbrush , and she does . game . set . match . best money i ever spent on simultaneous child and parent satisfaction . when i tested this model on my finger , i was surprised at how powerful it was for a child-sized unit . this electric toothbrush decidedly will not rip her little gums off her skull , but the teeth definitely get a good scrubbing . battery life is okay , i estimate it costs about  a cent for her to brush her teeth each time . the future value of that expenditure is far lower than the dental bills i 'd otherwise have , so this is a money saving unit . if your child in a member of the dora cultus , this is one of the better items to own 
health pos 616.txt i have used every diaper in the market and narrowed it down to pampers and huggies , i have a big 21 month old baby and been looking for the perfect night time diaper with no leaks ! ! my son still fits in the size % diapers but this is the one we specifically use at night and been really happy about it , no leaks , no gel coming out of the diaper and defintely a happy baby when he wakes up in the morning ! 
health neg 280.txt i got the machine for my fat , muscle and water analysis as well as my weight . after 1 month of use it only shows the weight . the scale no longer works properly . it no longer shows anything else but the weight . it was a waste of money 
software neg 635.txt this program is terrible to deal with . i run a small business and bought quickbooks simple start . once loaded and you go to use the program there is a pop up requiring you have an administrator . when loading the software it does not tell you to select or bypass the administrator requirement . you only learn this when you first go to use the program . the url they give on the pop up for troubleshooting does not address this issue , either . you are just locked out of the program . now it gets fun . so , you have to speak to them for help . but this is where it gets to be no laughing matter . to get help you have to email them to ask for help . they then call you back at their convenience . if you are busy working when they call back you have to start all over . i have yet to be able to use this product since i bought it 3 weeks ago because they will not call back when it is convenient for me the customer and will not let me call in at my covenience . even worse , since they have bought out all their competitors quickbooks customer support no longer is available after regular hours when a small business owner has the time to handle such operations issues . i ca n't return this product for a refund because i have loaded it . my first clue to how not user friendly this product is should have been the title : simple start 
camera pos 234.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
software neg 120.txt i received this item today and was surprised 1 ) it was shipped from overseas ( uk ) 2 ) it came with only one cd instead of two like a previous reviewer thought 3 ) no paperwork - it came in a clear case with no artwork , info , etc 4 ) sonic foundry sold acid to sony in 2003 ( according to sonic foundry 's website ) and sf no longer provides support 5 ) i ca n't get this to register online , which seems a little dodgy , but other than that , it seems functional . no huge library of loops , either . ca n't really say i got what i expected 
software pos 11.txt this is a good inexpensive gps system . it does a good job of tracking your location . the map is excellent . the labeling is not as good as the previous version . poi finder is top notch 
dvd neg 790.txt quite possibly one of the worst movies of all time . clive owen is really cool , but not in this movie . angelina jolie 's polital agenda totally fueled this film . what a waste of time 
health pos 86.txt after reading the review regarding palm kernel oil in all of the luna bar flavors , i decided to read all the ingredients for each flavor myself . i noticed that the luna bar toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is the only flavor that does not contain palm kernel oil . if you are concerned about palm kernel oil you should purchase this flavor . the toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is delicious , does n't taste like a candy bar , and has low total and saturated fat gram percentages . luna bar toasted nuts ' n ' cranberry flavor is one of the better nutrition bars available on the market . 
camera pos 822.txt i purchase this lens for the digital rebel xt body i also purchased through amazon . so far the lens has performed as expected . it is solid and well built . sticks slightly , when zooming through 200mm . images are crisp and focus is sharp . working at 300mm can be a challenge without using a mono or tripod . shooting a bird in flight at 300mm is a trick . overall , good lens for $200. if you have more money , then a lens with image stabilization ( is ) would be the way to go . 
books neg 834.txt i must agree with some other reviewers of this book , and say that it is a very dry list of factual data , interspersed with bill wyman 's moans and boasts . his gripe with allan klein about money seems to be quite valid , but he mentions it about a thousand times . mick and keith get quite a pasting - again it seems quite valid , but do we need to hear it so many times ? bill opines that keith richard 's voice is weak and that his own songs were ignored by the band . listen to his only self-penned stones track of the 60s , on & quot ; satanic majesties&quot ; , and you will conclude that this is quite a self delusion - his voice is far weaker , and his songwriting at that time was also inferior . the book seems to be more authoritative on dates , but we can only take bill 's accuracy on faith . my knowledge of the stones is not enormous , but even i can see some big factual errors . for example he tells us that neither taj mahal nor marianne faithfull recorded songs for the & quot ; rock n roll circus&quot ; . a recent re-issue has proved him completely wrong . as another reviewer rightly said , marianne faithfull 's autobiog is a much better read 
camera neg 890.txt i really like the size and weight of the camera . it is very easy to use and the picture quality is pretty good . i had to return the cam because the motor noise is unacceptable . i recorded some scenes while skiing and the whiny noise is very noticeable , even outdoors . all the other reviewers claiming the cam records motor noise are dead on . i will spend a bit more money and get the sony hcr-dc96 instead 
music pos 130.txt i just refreshed my ears listening to " riot " again ! getting to to hear 1 / 2 full , which clocking in at just over 4 minutes , is sheer electric blues magic . the price of this album is worth this one rocker alone . it was nice to see it on " easy street " ( along with lukin ' excellent ! ) any way this number totally kicks ! definitely get this if you do n't already own it . 
software pos 875.txt i have been using the family tree maker products for a number of years . i love its ease in the ability to add new people into the genealogy charts . i am a little disappointed in the change that moved the screen away from looking like a tabbed folder . i feel that the old style was a lot more user friendly , both visually and functionally 
dvd neg 87.txt the & quot ; latin&quot ; moves in this workout seem strangely like american aerobics to me . you can work up a sweat by adding a lot of intensity to the moves , but if you 're interested in latin dance , my advice is to buy brazilian dance workout with vanessa isaac instead . this workout just is n't as energetic and fast-paced as it looks 
music neg 327.txt i love destiny 's child...but this cd...big disappointment . the best songs on the entire cd were probably lose my breath , cater 2 u and girl...big disappointment...i just wasnt feeling the cd when i bought it. . 
music pos 328.txt this cd has so much going on and going for it - it 's one of the number one releases this year for jazz fans . lee ritenour is one of those guitarists who sculpted much of the west coast evolutions in jazz during the 80 's and you can hear why people followed his flavor on these tracks . he 's never sounded better and the musicians who contributed with him on this cd are tight and magnificent in their own right . " blue in green " is one of my favorite jazz compositions by miles davis and ernie watts on tenor sax more than does it justice . " ocean ave . " is as breezy and beachy as i think it 's meant to be . my favorite tracks are easily " she walks this earth " ( ivan lins ' vocals are bossa nova beautiful ) , " blue in green " and predictably for me " papa was a rolling stone " with powerful , crystal clear , unique trumpet by chris botti and soulful , rhythmic vocals by kenya hathaway and grady harrell . i went looking for that track because i am transfixed by chris botti 's trumpet and what i found was a remarkable cd in its entirety . happy me . ; 
health pos 356.txt dr. scholl 's foot cream was excellent . it 's a rich overnight foot cream with a pleasant smell . my feet felt softer in the morning after using it at night and i noticed a difference immediately in my dry , cracked heels . i also ended up using it on my hands and elbows before i went to bed . especially my hands were really soft in the morning . i 've tried other foot creams and not been really impressed . but i think the difference is that dr. scholl 's has no alcohol in it , and it 's really rich so you can actually feel the moisture in your skin 
software neg 810.txt systemic mechanic 6 seemed to be helping , since it handled a lot of the advertised functions well . however , the " repair broken shortcuts " function does not work properly . for a variety of reasons i use a large number of microsoft word shortcuts in my folder / file system . system mechanic " repaired broken shortcuts " on a large number of my short-cutted documents by directing the shortcut from the correct file target to the wrong file target . now i am pulling up documents which are similar ( but are actually older versions which i have save to an auxiliary hard drive ) or unrelated to the actual , correct target file . this has had severe productivity consequences , since i have to double check the target of every file opened via a shortcut . contacting on-line help was of no help whatsoever . 
software pos 434.txt this product is a masterpiece . it 's a testimony to early 21st century thinking about the world , the earth , learning , and software . it 's a swiss-army knife of information with a kind of practical beauty that we associate with tools that work . check out the map tool , and the view of the earth at night . it 's delight and a gift to an active mind . somebody has thought long and hard about what students need on their computer to succeed . what they 've come up with is an awesome collection of innovative productivity tools for kids . take math . the math tool alone is worth the price of admission . this is where algebra class should start . math lovers will eat it up . for the less than loving , student includes really excellent tutorials on math concepts . it even links homework help for many of the major math books . you put in the textbook , the assignment , and it steps the student through the problems . homeschooling ? read no further . just buy it . geography ? the map tool , especially the statistical mapper lets you view the world from outer space , with or without political boundaries , and compares the performance of countries on a zillion measures . literature ? it 's got summaries and readers guides for a huge list of required reading , and not just the stuffy victorian novels , but ursula leguin and even some titles that i did n't think were worth reading . the language tools - - you can hear a word pronounced in a surprising array of foreign languages , plus dictionaries and translators , and even plugins for ms word that make it easy to write in french or spanish . no more funny key combos to get a cedilla . plus encarta encyclopedia - - which is safer and way more effective at leading kids to track down related ideas than a web search . i 'm sure i 'm leaving something out . the only problem is , it takes gigabytes of memory and really ought to be partnered with ms office . that said , if you take education seriously , you ought to have this on your computer 
software neg 20.txt i was expecting a lot more from these two cd's . it teaches you a few items of food , basic words like " hello " , please " and " airplane " and even teaches you to ask " where are the suitcases " ... but then that is about it . i was really hoping for more.. . much more 
books pos 973.txt rawlings explores the lives and interations of the odd assortment of people living in cross creek , florida in the early 1900s . it is often assigned reading for teens , but i doubt that most of them can appreciate it . her accounts of neighbors feuding and subsistance living gives us many lessons in human behavior . the lyrical descriptions of wildlife and the orange groves and wild landscape are very appealing . your mouth waters as you read her essays on downhome foods like hush puppies . she turned those into a cookbook which i 'll have to try out . modern readers squirm uncomfortably at her use of the n- -- - - word and her characterization of blacks as irresponsible , drunken , immoral , etc. it is probably a faithful representation of common thinking at the time it was written , so recognize it as a snapshot of the times . then move past that to luxuriate in the beautiful passages in the book . ( i deducted 1 star for this ) the reader becomes absorbed in rawlings ' love of the land and the creation of a home . it gives much the same feelings as a year in provence or under a tuscan sun 
health pos 953.txt i had reasently bought this vibrator because i like trying out did kinds of vibrators to get more pleasure from and well i would have to say this one and my magic wand vibrator , well i like this one better because it is cordless so i can use it anywhere in my home even away from an outlet like in my car and no cord gets in the way . it also has a very flexable soft head that feels really very good when i use it . it has really strong motor that can make me have some exteme orgasms that fell very good . and last it looks to be made very well so it probly will last pretty long i hope so . 
camera pos 86.txt i won the kodak printer at a scrapbook convention & then went on the hunt to find the refills at a reasonable price . purchasing the 160 count made the price per print the lowest & beat out anything i could find in the local stores . it is a great convenience to be able to whip out a 4x6 print instead of having to download it to a store 's website , wait a few days , go there & pick it up , etc. great value 
music pos 61.txt umm...i do n't think you quite got the point of this album . it is not about the artists that you like , it is about the artists that inspired moore . your ignorance forces me to do nothing but laugh . i find it funny that you feel you are making a point by saying " f*ck you soad " and so on . have some respect for other 's opinions . unfortunately , you are a steriotypical " ignorant american " .so with all that said , and with all due respect , i say , f*ck you pal 
health neg 976.txt first of all , the battery that was supposed to be enclosed was not . when i bought a 9 volt battery and installed it , it would not stay attached when putting it back in the battery compartment . finally , i got a read out , and entered my height and age . then i stood on the scale and got nothing - no weight , no body fat , nothing , but the word error , at which point i boxed it up and sent it back for a refund 
health neg 990.txt i bought this dryer to replace my 10 year old conair , when it gets hot it would stop . good thing i did n't throw it away . this cordkeeper only worked for about 4 months . it is also very loud ! almost hurt my ears to use i 
dvd neg 213.txt bulworth is ostensibly warren beatty 's brave political satire in which a conservative senator suddenly starts liberally voicing those opinions that the rest of us are supposed to be thinking but are afraid to say . he tells a black church congregation to , " put away the malt liquor and fried chicken and stop supporting running backs that stab their wives . " if that 's what you were thinking , you 'll love this movie . otherwise , bulworth is jaw droppingly bad . to take such a hight position as to attack beatty for suggesting that black characters need a white powerbroking partriarch to come to his senses before their concerns can be publicly considered is to give bulworth way more credit than it deserves . it 's distinguished from movies that are simply " bad " through its inclusion on the short list of truly dangerous ones . not content to be racism hiding in plain site , bulworth 's racism is disguised as its own solution . drug dealers have their transactions justified as the only commercial avenue open to otherwise well-intended african-american youths . nina ( halle berry ) articulates an informed point , and it 's a joke because attractive young black women look funny when they talk smart , like high-grammar versions of zip coon . in so doing , beatty reminds black americans that no matter what they accomplish , we know who they really are . however limited the potential of the opening premise ( bulworth plans his own assassination for insurance purposes before inevitably changing his mind ) , the film never approaches the kind of farley brotheresque world that would have been its natural destination . the sincerity of the politician 's catharsis is hidden from us , both because his new outlook is originally motivated only by the insurance scam and because once beatty starts rapping his lines , he never stops , making the actor ( as opposed to the character ) look uncomfortable for the duration . that this movie lured audiences and critics into its didactic spell is astonishing . the film 's ambition to be more than a cute little movie while being exactly the opposite reminds this reviewer of roberto benigni 's embarrassing " life is beautiful " from the year before . both have to be seen to be believed 
camera pos 165.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
software neg 543.txt i 'm in awe about what this program can do , but i 've yet to be able to use it to its fullest . it 's not user friendly and i 've been designing photo brochures , and marketing literature and multi-media presentations for years with other design software . the corel_tutor is unwieldy to use and only illustrates the simplest projects . it takes a week to learn the glossary used for the program . and if you do n't use it daily , it 's easy to forget the glossary and toolbox icons . i was hoping the " student & teacher " edition would be more instructive , but it 's not . i 'm currently searching for a tutor who will teach me the complexities of using this program with a hands-on approach 
music neg 980.txt i love plenty of contemporary country music.. . everything from " new bluegrass " ( alison krauss & union station ) to " new country " like reba mcentire , rascal flatts , brad paisley , martina.. . even a lot of faith & shania . but i think this cd is crap . the single star is for the only good song on the album , " heads carolina , tails california " - - but really , 1 star for one good song out of ten is a bit too generous . i 'm astounded at how bad the other 9 songs are.. . elementary-school rhyming , uninspired melody lines , stupid lyrics , below-average accompaniment , etc. one of the most annoying things to me is her habit of overpronnouncing every word in a song.. . i 'd guess someone told her at some point that she slurs her words , and she was trying to overcompensate . the result should be titled " hooked on phonics , starring jodee messina . " listen to the preview of " on a wing and a prayer " for a good example of what i 'm talking about . i thank my lucky stars i borrowed this cotton candy from the library , rather than shelling out $16 for one song . do yourself a favor and buy " heads carolina , tails california " online if you must have it 
music pos 912.txt two of the greatest names in show business at their zenith . there are so many good tracks on this set that it 's hard to pick out some over the others . a couple of superb standouts are jolson 's " swanee " and " rock-a-bye , " although every track is just excellent . the sound quality on the set is outstandingly great . i hope the people that put this set together will do the same incredible job with other classic recordings by jolson and crosby 
software neg 299.txt turbo tax is less than impressive in handling stock and option transactions . it seems to view short sales as errors , reporting that the date acquired is later than the date sold . it does not appear to have a provision for tagging a short sale . it does not appear to have a provision for properly dealing with dividends on stock held for more than 12 months , but covered by disqualifying call options . its screens for schedule d and d1 are awkward - it would be much better to have one large table screen for all transactions , with tags to set short term and long term tax application , from which d and d1 could be formatted for filing . 
dvd neg 366.txt this is possibly one of the worst films i have ever seen . the writing and acting , as far as i am concerned , are no better than that of a middle school live performance . the only reason i did n't turn it off was that i was hoping something in the movie might help me justify spending $10 to buy it used . that something never came . i would never waste my time on this movie when there are others on this topic that so richly deserve my viewing time investment , such as & quot ; schindler 's list&quot ; & amp ; & quot ; the pianist&quot ; . trust me , pass it up just as fast as you can 
software neg 534.txt i bought this to upgrade my previous version of mcafee total protection . the first install was on a laptop , when it configured the wireless security it actually made changes to my wap setup without notifying me . first of all it said that i did n't have any security set up on the wireless connection ( although i have it set up with disabled ssid , mac filtering , wpa protection.. . ) , and after it was done it had changed the setup to wep.. . also causing my other wireless pcs ( that do n't have mcafee ) and my xbox 360 to no longer connect to the network.. . so i ended up deinstalling that part . second pc : regular desktop , after installing the software ( only select pieces : antivirus , firewall , spamkiller , privacy service ) my multimedia sharing to the xbox 360 no longer worked . contacting mcafee support never yielded any usable response ( ' reinstall ' seems to be the default answer ... ) . deinstalling / reinstalling did n't help , opening up the firewall did n't help , etc. etc. so i ended up reverting back to my old version of mcafee . i consider myself a power pc user , i 've set up and configured dozens of pcs over the years , built my own pc , and i can honestly say that i have never used software worse than this one . i hardly ever write reviews , but i had to write this one . be warned ! maybe mcafee will eventually get its act together , but for me it 's time to move on . one last comment : this mcafee software ( just like prior versions btw ) takes up a lot of resources - several services need to run that take up a considerable amount of memory ) . not good if you do n't have ample memory 
health neg 840.txt this product flat out sucks ive been shaving my head for years and never had issues with clippers had a basic remington before this product gives me nothing but trouble 
dvd pos 276.txt i was stunned by this movie . i learned of it and purchased it in 2003. for various reasons it remains for me the best , most emotional movie i have seen about musicians and their music . the producer chose well : he found the songwriters that shaped country and rock for the next 30 years : townes van zandt , rodney crowell , steve earle , guy clark , steve young , john hiatt , charlie daniels and a tribute to the late skinny dennis , immortalized in guy clark 's " la freeway . " i wish david allen coe had been left out , but no film is perfect . the songwriters are shown at their best and worst : a drunken , funny tvz falls into a rabbit hole and silent night is rendered by fine musicians too drunk to remember the lyrics . this movie was made when i was a poor student and musician with a small circle of talented friends in tampa at the university of south florida . the difference is that most of my friends and i got straight jobs [we still tried to make a difference] but these musicians changed the world , just a little . i married the singer / business major i met at usf and divorced 30 years later . i still play guitar , write and record at home and dream of making it in music - but mostly i learn songs written by artists like those in this movie and try to understand the magic they have that still captures me . when tvz sang ' waiting around to die ' he brought tears to the eyes of his 70+ blacksmith neighbor , while cindy comforts him . it was magical . tvz does a " medley of my hit " and sings " pancho and lefty , " and rodney crowell sang " bluebird wine , " both covered by emmylou . steve young 's " alabama highways " was wonderful too . it was a look into my past - and the past and future of the intelligent , emotional music i love best . 
music neg 173.txt je suis un peu du par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . a trane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre  l' poque aussi ! a  qd mme 13 ans 
camera neg 82.txt these are my experiences with the extender mounted to my eos 10d . i 'm currently debating whether or not to buy it for my new 30d , but it looks like i do n't want to risk wasting my money . let me explain : let me start by saying that the only reason i gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it did prevent my nose from smudging the lcd screen . i shoot events at nightclubs a lot , so i 'm always ( a ) running around to get shots , causing me to sweat , which causes a sweaty and oily nose tip and ( b ) i always show the subjects their photos after i take them , so having a smudgy screen can be kind of annoying . for further clarification , i 'm asian , so my nose is not as defined or long as other ethnicities . i run around a lot when i shoot . so the constant activity eventually led the extender to naturally fall off . i got lucky once , and found it in the general vicinity of where i was , but the second time , i was n't so lucky . so what did i do ? i purchased another one . not only did i have to purchase the extender , i had to purchase the viewfinder replacement ( the piece with the soft rubber ) because that was attached to the lost extender . another 2 weeks in , and again , same problem . i did n't even bother buying any replacements , as by this time , i upgraded to the 30d . if you do n't plan on doing a lot of running around , then this piece may be okay for you . however , please take into consideration that this piece also fell off for me while putting my camera back in my canon backpack . for some reason , the piece did n't fit tightly with the mount on the camera . another problem , as most people mentioned , is that images are very noticeably smaller through this extender , so be prepared to have strained eyes if you plan on using your camera all day . i guess i 'll check it out at my local camera shop and see how it fits with the 30d ; i 'll be sure to write another review if the results are different than with the 10d 
dvd neg 101.txt i love the office . what i do n't love is amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 bbc specials for sale and then mailing me 2 separate discs of seasons 1 and 2. so be aware that amazon is not shipping what they advertise here . i have contacted them and have had not a reply about this 
health neg 274.txt this remington razor is actually too sharp if you ask me . i used it for a period of several weeks and it caused my face to blister and it actually gave me more cuts than a 10 cent disposable razor . ouch . however , the shave is very close - expect to use a lot of cooling lotion with this razor . the design of the shaver mechanically is fine and appears to be fairly reliable - although its a touch hard to clean because the blades are super sharp underneath the foils . i have owned norelco and braun for more than 15 years and on the whole found them to be a more agreeable shave 
music neg 107.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
camera pos 339.txt nice quality , but overpriced . does a nice job of protecting the front of the lens , and reducing glare in some situations 
dvd neg 535.txt the only reason why i stayed and watched the movie the whole way through was because i paid to see it . awful movie . not entertaining at all . it was just so poor . the animation was n't fantastic . political messages should n't be in children movies . not a good movie . 
health pos 703.txt first of all i am in my early 20 's so i have n't much experience in night creams . i just more recently took an interest in moisturizers and eye creams after i decided to quit tanning and rather preserve my youthfulness . i use " moisture therapy cream " by olay in the morning before i put on my makeup , and then i use this at night . my skin always feels so soft , more soft than i think it ever did . i ca n't give any testaments on its firming or anti-wrinkle ability , but i can say it does make my skin glow and my complexion look healthier . the scent is great and it is a great smell to fall asleep to . i would recommend this product to anyone of any age . it has a good price compared to everything else on the market and i believe it is best to start moisturizing when you are young rather than waiting until the signs of aging have already begun . prevention is key 
camera neg 896.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
software pos 637.txt excellent program . i love the improvement in outloo 
dvd neg 452.txt what a disaster . stay away from this film . i was so disappointed- -how could this have won the academy award ? ! the story is rambling and confused , as if the filmmakers could n't decide what story they wanted to tell . the animation is very average , with the exception of a few striking scenes of natural landscapes . in fact , those all-important " happy feet " of the main character just kind of jerk and slide around a bit . ( that 's supposed to be tap-dancing ? that 's supposed to be " animation ? " ) the jokes are n't particularly funny ( with the exception of a few moments in the middle where robin williams briefly shines ) . and oddly enough for a film whose central conceit centers on music and dancing , there 's not a single original song , or even an inspired remake of any of the songs . think " billy elliot " meets " the march of the penguins " with some of gore 's " an inconvenient truth " mixed in- -without any of the wit , charm , intelligence , passion , or beauty in any of those films . ( did i mention that this film is a disaster ? ) perhaps most annoyingly , like the rest of the story , the underlying political message alternates between cliched , confused , and heavy-handed . the ending is especially unbearable , with its tacked-on feel and absurd psuedo-environmentalist feel-good solution . what a joke ! personally , i consider myself quite liberal and sympathetic to environmentalist positions ( i 've been a vegetarian for more than 20 years , and a member of sierra club and peta , for example ) , yet the way this movie presents its misguided message offended me greatly- -not least because of the utter inconsistency and incomprehensibility of the message . one final note for those of you with children : this is not really a kids movie . most of the jokes wo n't be understood by children under 15. for kids under 6 , all this feeble film offers is some too-scary " shamus " ( orcas ) , a terrifyingly ferocious sea lion inexplicably made to growl like a dinosaur and given outsized teeth in a deformed mouth , and a jarring ending that suddenly switches to live-action scenes where adults heatedly debate environmental action in such kid-friendly forums as the united nations ! ( what the heck ? ! ) after sitting through the entire film to this point , my four-year-old son finally turned to me and quietly said , " this is not a movie for me . " i could n't have agreed more 
music neg 459.txt disappointing to see a man of garbarek 's gifts drift inexorably towards artistic middle-age and the lure of mor classical and soft world-beat markets . no one expects him to do a ' jazz ' album nowadays but after a six-year recording hiatus we might have expected some innovation and sharpness in the settings he chooses . sadly , the evidence on this release is of an artist who 's content to mine the same musical territory for about 15 years now to the point of exhaustion ; theres nothing here he has n't said better on his previous three or four outings . all is not lost though , and there are moments of stark beauty here and there but they are mostly lost in a soft sticky morass of garbarek cliches and the kind of uninspired composition better suited to a film soundtrack or tv documentary about some beautiful natural environment . forget the misleading hype elsewhere and get hold of just about any of his albums from about 1972 through to 1987 and i guarantee you 'll feel better for it 
health neg 858.txt the pressure on the rain setting is so low you have to keep it on the concentrated spray to really wash the soap out . switching between the two causes a cold stream to come out for a second or two till it clears . also it is not sturdy - when the showerhead is moved to a higher position it does not stay and falls back down to the lower position . i will be returning mine 
dvd pos 992.txt this dvd is way cool with a buch of sport themed episodes . first scooby and the gang help a baseball hero break a home run record , but the ghost of cab crag is n't too happy about having his record broken . then they compete in a off road race with a giant worm as a competitor - and what 's with the worm worshipers -i mean they go like whoo " a giant worm is our god , whoo we hate cars " . then they go to the bocephus wrestling facility . could they come up with a better name than bocephus ? there 's a really freaky creature which may scare your little sister . the last episode is , by far , the best . a hockey ghost is terrorizing the world cup hockey event . he 's one of the toughest ghosts ever , either that , or the russian police are the biggest whimps ever ! i think this dvd is a good buy if you are a scooby fan , just be prepared , it can get a little goofy . joey 
books pos 685.txt based on the description , i expected this to be a davinci code knock-off , but gave it a shot since i recieved a free copy . comparing labyrinth to the davinci code do it injustice ; this is definately not an imitator and is worth reading in it 's own right . i enjoyed the characters , plot , and switching between the past and present . i 'm not sure it has literary value ( i would n't argue that the davinci code does , either ) , but it 's certainly complex enough to make you think about the plot and character relationships without being difficult to follow 
software neg 722.txt i use powerpoint a great deal as a teacher and thought this would upgrade my presentations . unfortunately , every one of my computers had insufficient video memory to allow the software to work . for now , it sits on my shelf until i can purchase more powerful equipment . certainly not for the casual user . it is n't the magic black box that will make you a star 
books pos 567.txt americans who ca n't name five poets will name allen ginsberg . in this case , that is good since he was one of america 's greatest poets . this book attest to this . i write this review to show disappointment in the publisher who continues to publish the collected works on the cheapest paper next to newsprint . for the next edition , i would like to see , at least in limited edition , a volume printed on quality paper which could last more than a few years before turning yellow . ginsbergs deserves better treatment 
music pos 73.txt cool cd...have n't heard it in probably 15 to 20 years...it was fun to hear it again....funny though , it 's a bit different than the way i remember it 
health neg 131.txt i did not get the instructional dvd , so i was left with a clipper set i did n't know how to use. . 
dvd pos 118.txt wow ! i had forgotten how powerful a story was told with a wonderful , haunting score to match . i 'm glad our pleas have been heard ! with new high definition equipment coming down in price , i ca n't think of a better movie to view for all with discriminating tastes and those will discover the finer aspects of the cinema . update : is this the region 2 & 4 version that was released overseas ? if so we are in for a real treat ! 
books pos 868.txt this book is great . a must read for anyone who has struggled with weight or health problems . 
camera neg 529.txt this camera takes blurry pictures straight out of the box . one mistake i made was to not take my own sd card to the camera shop and look at the output . i thought the blurry image i was seeing at the camera store was because of the low resolution screen but it really is the camera . i 've missed too many pictures of my kids and am in the process of buying a new camera a short 2 months after buying this . casio support was responsive and tried to help but nothing appears to work . and point and shoot is definately not an option . i thought it would be nice to take quick pictures of the kids but none of them are worth keeping . i 've taken over 200 pictures and i will not print any of them . 
books pos 966.txt this was the first vi warshawski book i ever read , and it did an excellent job of whetting my appetite for more . i think paretsky did an excellent job of drawing me into vi 's world , which is rich with unique characters . vi comes across as individualistic and principled , and i like how paretsky resisted clich temptation on several counts : the complex issue of chemical responsibility is not wrapped up in a tidy bundle by the end of the book , and there is no & quot ; obligatory sex scene . &quot ; not that sex scenes do n't have their places , but i just hate it when i 'm reading along and i can almost hear the agent say , & quot ; okay , author , you need to steam this up a bit right here if you want to sell this book . &quot ; in this story , vi is all business , which is a delightful change of pace 
software pos 590.txt first of all , i want to make the point that this is a strategy based tycoon game and a sim game . it is really well done using superb graphics and animations . you get to apply new discoveries in your factories so you can make a better product and out sell them to your competitors . it all seems to be based on real history so you get information from real sources like the wright brothers , edison and even einstein . and you also have to worry about the people that work in your factories , your scientists , and accountants and even worry about industrial espionage . if you like business , engines , buildings , science and physics , you 'll be getting hours and hours of play out of this game . you also get to play in a bunch of different cities in the world . each one has different challenges . it 's fresh every time you play since you can do things differently and see how the results vary 
health pos 672.txt man these things are the best . they can handle whatever issues i throw at them . i 've done considerable load testing as i 'm a truck driver who makes infrequent stops . thanks for making my life easier . i 'm totally back into life with depends 
camera pos 625.txt this review is for the coolpix 5900 with 5mp . you will not be displeased with this camera if you are in the market for a compact digital camera . this little baby lies comfortably in your pocket until you want it and rarely fails to deliver , no matter what lighting obstacles you throw in it 's path . the footprint is amazingly small for a 5mp and you 'll be amazed at the functionality . i found the video / movie feature to be a real useful tool that surprises most people with the great clarity and utterly blown-away at night shots in poor light . think of las vegas lights on the strip , or a crowd of people in thin night light . this camera handled it all . the sd card is easy to access , and i recommend a 1gb size so you can take your time with movies . otherwise a 512mb card will give you about 300 photos . but i warn you , you will be bitten by the movie bug and want to use this more and more ( provided you have disk space or burn the excess to dvds ) . i also recommend the san disk ultra ii sd cards for fast recovery speeds , so you do n't have to wait for each shot to record before going to the next shot ( this is 5 mp and that 's a lot of pixals to store ) . the roll on the side of the body enables you to keep a tight grip on it with one hand shots - a feature many small cameras lacked . the battery life is exceptional , but as always , buy a backup for travel . the hit of one star was for the frustratingly small on / off button . i know they designed it so that it wo n't accidentally turn on in your pocket , but my fat finger is not the best tool... . the 2 inch lcd is not protected like others too , but so far seems pretty tough , rolling around in my pocket with sunglasses and other things that so far have not scratched it . 
health neg 10.txt i do n't know how this works because when i found that i would need to wear a chest band during exercise to make it work , i returned it . it is n't evident in the advert for this ( or any other ) heart-rate monitor . i guess i 'll have to trust my sense of pain.. . 
dvd pos 772.txt this dvd version of the movie looks great and is very enjoyable . hayley mills is her usual irrepressible self , and the supporting cast is top notch . the feline actor in particular ! ; ) i do n't quite understand the anger from some other reviewers about the fullscreen format . it did n't bother me at all . disappointment i could understand , but this kind of vitriol ? it 's still a very watchable and enjoyable film for all ages , and i found it a refreshing change from the dumbed-down " kid 's " movies they tend to make these days . adults will enjoy the suspenseful story , retro style , and feline antics just as much as kids will . i 'd skip the remake and get the original 
music pos 860.txt i was very young to really appreciate the in-s and outs of this band and the members between sammy , roth and evh ! i honestly can consider myself a newbie to this time-tested rockers . i just downloaded this off of itunes and i can tell u folks , every track is amazing ! its like when lars ( metallica ) said once : " i was always amazed with g&r " ...if i may borrow this line , i had always heard of the great evh vs. hagar vs roth but honestly never appreciated this guitar work before today ! evh is an amazing talent and it will continue to influence i am sure allot of new artists . my brother in law was debating with us about slash , sammy , evh , and edge ( u2 ) , clapton and apparently they all chose evh . i did n't believe it till i heard it ! evh is an inspiration . anyone interested even remotely in any of these guys in evh 's history , should get this album because it is truly harnesses from almost all the worlds evh has been to and in ! 
software pos 806.txt challenging and fun . graphics a fair compared to the mindless flashy video games . educational value is exellent , challenging and helps develop speed as well as accuracy . the challenge of having to think and get the right math answer in order to advance makes the games more challenging than the flashey graphic video games . if the animation was similar to the flashy video game adventures ( ie : jak 3 or ratchett and clank ) it might make it too hard because of all the distractions and tools obtained . it might be interesting if that level of graphics and animation was worked into the game . the younger kids may be better able to intergrate a multi-tooled , multi-level , multi-directional with more mapping and varied spatial orientation than older people . my eight year old was able to gain more speed quicker on the game than i was 
dvd neg 443.txt i just got my copy of the dvd r-rated version and yes the best parts of the bondage scene are missing . why those edit happy bozos would remove the lower body scenes showing the actresses powerful legs around her captor and leave the breasts showing is beyond me . since this scene is most appealing in the way the original version first displayed it in 85 , to take it out in my opinion degrades the movie entirely . i was completely dissapointed in this version of the movie . if anyone saw the unrated 1985 vhs version you would know what i mean . lana was the movie . why remove it ? ? ? ? ? i have [not a] clue ! ! ! unsatisfied customer 
books pos 364.txt dave barry has written and selected an extremely humorous collection of his articles from the miami herald . there is a huge margin in difference of quality in boogers are my beat than in his initial non fiction books such as dave barry 's bad habits . boogers are my beat is one of those rare books that once you start turning the pages you do n't want to put down until the back cover . dave barry educates his fellow man on a diverse range of topics such as why you ca n't use the towels hanging in the bathroom , the salt lake city olympics , babies on airlines , north dakota , bear in the big blue house and cell phones to name just a few . his article written the day after september 11 and one written a year after , about the philadelphia crashed plane are also included which prove barry could have been a serious writer if he had pursued that career . thankfully he did n't because the rest of the book is hysterically funny as is his carl hiaasen style fiction novel tricky business . big trouble is n't bad either . check them out along with his other non fiction novels as well . 
software neg 738.txt from my experience just about all support calls are routed off shore . most of the tech support staff just take your question and type it into their work station . they say " may i put you on hold while i check my resources " . then they read answers off their screen . several times i had to say to the tech - i ca n't understand your english . if you buy the package i 'd find a local qb certified accountant and pay him / her for their time . 
books neg 644.txt i did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification . it did help with classification and mapping 
software pos 472.txt i was a norton user for a long time . i think this is a better program - - lighter , leaner , easier to use . it automatically updates frequently . i 've never had a virus . i use wireless and i can always tell if someone is trying to use my system ( which is never , but i 've tried to break in myself just to check . ) nice program 
camera pos 892.txt good product , probably the best digital frame in the market . drawbacks are the user interface and the difficulty to set-up the wireless connection 
camera pos 82.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more . 
camera neg 786.txt this is not at all suitable for young children . it 's awkward and difficult to use . we 're sending it back . totally inappropriate for children 
camera pos 126.txt first of all i do not consider myself anything more than a very beginning photographer ! ! ! so i will not go into anything technical . i will leave that to people who know more than i do . but what i am is an international traveler . i simply got tired of coming home from fantastic trips with " snapshots " . i wanted someting much better , and boy did i get it with this camera . i looked at the d70s and since i have very small hands , i could never feel comfortable holding it . this camera is smaller without being small . i have only taken photos locally , but at this time of the year with the leaves changing it makes a good start . the built in editing features ( filters etc. ) are wonderful to work with . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone who wants something more than " point and shoot " snap shots 
camera neg 108.txt i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro . 
health neg 389.txt i wish i 'd listened to the other reviews . i bought this and it heated for exactly two months and then quit on me . claims a five year warranty but i ca n't return it to amazon so it 's just money wasted . be smarter than me , avoid this product if you value your money 
software pos 757.txt i bought bhg deluxe 7.0 software to plan an addition . i talked to the companies and shopped around before purchasing . i did not talk to imsi about floor plan 3d , i gave up after trying to get through to a human . i would bet a guess the software is as good as imsi 's telephone skills . i talked to punch software and was warned away from their product by their own tech as i have integrated video on my computer . apparently you need a video card with a minimum of video memory to render drawings with any usable speed using punch software . punch software 's loss , not mine as that 's a ridiculous issue for a consumer software product . chief architect offered a money back guarantee for their better homes and gardens products , even if purchased via vendors like amazon . i 'll keep this better homes and gardens home designer deluxe software , even though it does have it 's annoying quirks . even for a lesser package from the pro version , the library of items it very limited . i would guess there are quite a few more in the pro version , but it is odd to not include more of the most standard items that many home owners would need when laying out a home . you learn to just use a nearly matched symbol to fill the space , even though it is not the correct symbol or size of item . since i am not interested in the 3d view , this is not a big issue for me . the item i needed most was floorplanning . 3d modeling is an extra item that i may play with , but is not essential for me personally . if you are truly interested in the 3d aspect , this is an issue . i would recommend visiting the product forum to see what is the best choice . [...] for quick and easy floor plan software with a few extras , this software does better than ok . no experience necessary , and the short tutorial videos will get you started quickly . i have issues with not being able to have more control of wall types , and there are some odd roof design limitations even for a mid to low priced consumer package . these are annoying enough to urge an upgrade to pro if you want more control of all aspects . since i will be laying out the floor plan , then turning it over to an architect with real softare , it 's not a problem for me . i have had a few restarts due to drawings getting all wild and messed up , but by ignoring the autosaved drawings , i was able to go back to my last manually saved drawing and start from a known good point . this software does have upgrade options to download from the company site . just like any good software company , they do provide spftware patches to download . i would definately recommend this software as a quick way to do floor plans . adding walls , doors , windows , and other items is very simple . just do n't plan on perfection , as it 's based on prefabbed walls and is limited to whole inches , not fractions . angles are an issue as well . if you need specific angles , this is not the package , it does preset increments only . i wish it had default preferences a user could select as well . being able to preset your roofing style preferences or other items would eliminate quite a bit of redo's . i hope the software companies read these reviews . there is alot of good information on how to improve the products . 
music neg 154.txt after reading so many positive reviews , i was very exited when i recieved this cd in the mail . i popped it in my bose wave radio , turned it up to 85 , and listened to the most annoying hissing sound i 've ever heard coming from my system . i regret purchasing this cd 
camera neg 823.txt i recommend not to purchase this item . look for another one . the lens itself seems ok , although i ca n't really say , but the adapter which is built in to the lens is shoddy and cumbersome and ruins the the whole deal . the adapter is a quick release type where one end attaches to the camera and the lens simply snaps in , or is quickly released . this would be great , except for two very important things . one , the lens fits very loosely in the quick release adapter . this causes some major distortion , especially when moving . two , the housing is made of thin plastic which does not seem very durable . in fact it is so cheaply thin that i am afraid to leave it in my car because the heat may distort the plastic . one drop , even a small one , and it is done for 
books neg 120.txt first off i 'd like to tell you that this is only the second star wars book i 've ever read , ' jedi search ' being the first . i actually liked the first book , it drew upon the star wars lore well and was a decent read . however , this book made me groan in so many places that i felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it ( be warned , this may contain a few spoilers ) . thusly : how much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions ? it reminds me of a ' little britain ' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the bible out to make up the space ! i do n't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point ! for some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to ' ground ' the story by constantly relating to the star wars films . for example , when wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there , he says something along the lines of : i was actually in the cantina in mos eisley when luke met han and chewbacca , little did i know the brush i had with history there... . gahhhhhhh ! ! ! why ! ? how did he know ! ? it did n't need it ! ! *bangs head on desk* he does this throughout the two books i 've read so far ! ! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without ' proving ' that it 's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films ? then there 's admiral daala . made an admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking... . so what is she doing in this ? she 's reviewing recordings of speeches given by tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing ! it 's only the end of the second book and she 's down to 1 star destroyer ! she should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens . ( i.e. the rebellion win ) he then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea , that of having a jedi academy ( the point of the trilogy ! ) . there 's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the jedi , but no - he has the jedi go two-by-two into the forest ( holding hands ? ) to *sense* things.. . it 's meant to be a sci-fi series ! something could have been done to make this so much better ! i was incensed to find that luke was actually made ' boring ' in this book . part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how luke had grown . it all started very promisingly in the first book , having learnt that luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever ! ( cool ! i thought ) . it got to the stage where i 'd dread coming back to the jedi parts of the story because he was so dull . the other trainee jedi needed serious character development ( they were 1 dimensional ! ) - entering every scene with luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just was n't good enough . as other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue , somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre ( great idea btw ! ! we need more of that ! ) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters.. . and luke just meditates about it ! ? *grr* okay all that being said it was ' okay ' and on the strength of the first book i will be reading the next book ( it 's like a car accident - you 've just got to look ! ) . 
health neg 455.txt i 've been taking these for over 3 weeks. . i have not seen any new hair growth . i think that new hair that does grow will be stronger but this has not caused my hair to grow any faster . i would suggest just buying hair supplement vitamins from gnc or any other place you can find them . they are much less expensive 
dvd neg 531.txt i saw this movie about two weeks ago and i ca n't believe how disappointed i am for this . i was expecting fireworks ; instead i got a truckload of bad karma on my head . not only that but it maybe the most over-the-top film i ever saw and it will be on my list of the worst movies i ever saw . to begin with half of the characters die in this film and i was like ' what is the meaning ? ' then there 's the film 's signature moment in which sinatra wakes up from his nightmare and they do it in such a matter that they put his face right at the camera . again i said to myself , ' what 's the point ? ' and then there 's the chilling climax which would be totally ripped off a year later by the kennedy assassination-from the scoped rifle right down to james gregory 's character getting shot in the head . in one of the documentries to this dvd director william fredkin says that there is no doubt this movie caused lee harvey oswald to kill president kennedy because ' oswald realized that he was raymond shaw . ' if he 's right that raises the question : did he do it by his beliefs or did someone push him over ? then fredkin ends his obseravation by saying that the release of " the manchurian candidate " and the death of president kennedy are the two events that made the 1960 's what it is and why people today ( including me ) are still obessed with that decade . in conclusion , i think this was a big disappoinment . and this movie is on the list of afi 's 100 greatest films ? please . 
dvd pos 801.txt edmund o'brien is a cpa who decides to get away to san francisco for a weekend to sow some wild oats ( and also to get away from his secretary who 's nagging him to marry her ) . there he 's poisoned and told he has only a few days to live ; he tries to find out who poisoned him and why . the trail takes him into a world of corruption and double dealing . following this trail is a bit confusing for o'brien and the audience . but the picture is tightly directed and well acted . a highly regarded film-noir entry , and rightly so . worth a watch 
books neg 933.txt i certainly agree that portis is a talented writer , but i just did n't find him all that funny . perhaps i 'm missing something , but i thought that the characters were strange enough , not amusing , just strange . i was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited . i forced myself to finish the book and i was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book , which comes at the very end of the novel 
books pos 806.txt i first purchased this book when i was a freshman in college seven years ago . it is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing i have ever read . i love the plastic tabs that mark each section . this guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . so for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the mla style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . i have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . i really wish i had this book when i was in high school . i highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . i especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , i myself have add and before i got this guide i could not understand how to write a paper in the mla style or in any style other than a book report . i promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published 
dvd pos 483.txt after i watched this sequel i realized it was not as good as the first but i did enjoy it . 
dvd pos 564.txt i first saw this movie around 1980 , when the cold war was still on . i had been inundated with propaganda from birth , that all russians talked about was political , that they did n't do " normal " things or live a normal life . all politics you know . well , here was this movie about the lives and loves of three women . it was very well acted , and basically , just a long soap ! i loved it- -and not one word about lenin , marx , or anti-americanisms . i recently saw it again , and liked it just as much . for those who say it is unrealistic- -well , how do you know ? do you think that all russians lived the exact same life ? or because american cold war propaganda stated that all russians were totally miserable 
music neg 509.txt 1. let 's get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n't that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it 's you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it 's just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , " cold " , " take me out " , " pieces of me " , and " 1985 " . skip this one 
health neg 231.txt i was anxious to use this for my mother as she has a bad back . however , immediately after opening the product , i tried to plug it in , as it does n't work without batteries being fully charged . unfortunately , this massager would plug in but did not start charging , and therefore , it could not be charged . i will be returning this item 
dvd neg 277.txt this dvd covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds ! it does not give enough body to the addition explanation and is hard to follow . it was a pure waste of money 
music neg 30.txt having watched most , if not all of john waters films i was sorely dissapointed by this album , obviously his name was put to something he had n't quite looked deeply enough in to . talk about misleading . as we all know john waters has a certain reputation for sleaze , trash , camp , kitch and bad taste in all the best possible terms , this album had none of this . shame on you john waters for putting your name to a complete load of rubbis 
music pos 916.txt i do n't see how they can compare these guys to the mars volta or coheed and cambria . i can hear the prog elements but it 's more of a rush kind of prog rock , shorter 3 minute songs compared to 12 minute epics . they are missing the one thing that would make them a true prog rock band : the songs just are n't as epic as a tmv or a c&amp ; c song . i think reviewers liken brazil to these other bands because their singer has a high pitched singing voice . this is still an amazing album that is well worth your time . go into it expecting sparta rather than the mars volta and you wo n't be disappointed 
camera neg 399.txt bought this as an xmas present to myself - to bring along family photos while on business travel . i 'm now on the 2nd unit ( exchanged directly w / phillips ) , and am still having the same issue with it not reliably working with external ( in my case , sony memory sticks ) . the internal memory is pitiful , and unless you want to resize all the photos you put in it , you are not going to be able to hold very many internally . i 've yet to get the auto on / off feature to work , and while it is perhaps a pc friendly device , it 's certainly not always mac friendly - the controls are cumbersome to work with , and the directions meager . i wanted to be able to carry this in a backpack or carryon bag , the fact that the support stand ca n't be folded tight against the unit makes it difficult to do this - of course , no mention of this in the product description . also no mention that it only supports older memory sticks - no support for the new , ms produo sticks ( and no mention of that in the product descriptions either ) i thought i would get a quality product from phillips , and this certainly looked like it had potential - unfortunately , it 's turned out to be a piece of junk , one i 've been screwing around with for so long that it 's probably not returnable . do n't waste your time and dollars...................... . 
software neg 659.txt i bought pc-cillin because it has 4 stars in amazon rating , which is much better than mcafee and norton . but i am wrong . before installed pc-cillin , everything is fine . but after installed , i can not access my yahoo email . after calling customer service two times , even uninstalled pc-cillin , i still can not access yahoo email . now i have to re-install windows xp . it will cost me a lot of time . anyone knows what wrong is 
dvd pos 580.txt this set is fine as far as it goes . however , where are the strawberry blonde and the oklahoma kid ? warners has given other actors 6 or 7 disc sets . why not cagney ? on the other hand , maybe a cagney , volume 2 is in the works . let 's hope so 
music neg 207.txt the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure . 
health neg 83.txt the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again . 
camera pos 553.txt i purchased this for my canons500. i have it for over a year now and it is still as good as new . good quality construction and a great look & feel 
books pos 260.txt the late carl sagan was one of the most popular , influential , and successful interpreters of astronomy to the american public . in 1973 he published & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; . he offered a daring view of the universe and his seminal work became a classic of popular science , inspiring a generation of scientists and non-specialist general readers with an enthusiasm for all aspects of science in general , and astronomy in particular . now cambridge university press has reissued a new edition of sagan 's influential book , enhanced with freeman dyson 's commentary on sagan 's vision and on the importance of & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; ; ann dryan 's assessment of sagan 's cultural significance as a champion of science ; and david morrison 's discussion of the advances made over the past 30 years and what became of sagan 's predictions . carl sagan 's cosmic connection is & quot ; must&quot ; reading for all sagan fans and anyone interested in how his views and predictions have held up over the past three decades of rapid advances in the science of astronomy and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence 
music pos 927.txt no use thumbing the pages of cale 's elegant scrapbook of an autobiography , ' what 's welsh for zen ? , to glean hard data on this one melodic gem . coming after the heady , if problematic days of the velvets , there 's barely an acknowledgement of it as he strides into his rock format . the abrasive thrashing rock of ' mcbeth ' ( while indicating his imminent direction ) serves the one discordant note . throughout , cale namedrops to effect learnedness without destroying the mood of a distant past . language had been severed from lineal meaning , in rock , since bob went electric . pete brown writing for jack bruce 's towering masterpieces , ' songs for a sailor ' , & ' harmony row ' ; keith reid with procul harum , were mixing up the lyric medicine , presumably with other pharmacuticals & making sumptuous music on a par with ' paris 1919' . that date ? the birth of surrealism , ( and similar writing to cale 's efforts herein ) perhaps ? the russian revolution ? cale 's singing on 1919 had a world weary distance to it , which suited the reflective jabberwocky of the songs ; stretched out vowells on , ' planing lakes ' , ' elephants that sing ' , ' looking out from here at half past france . ' it was far from banal music , however saccharine the orchestral moves from strings , viola & piano cale painted . these lyrics were baffling but made perfect poetic sense when sung . ' locusts ' was something of a revisiting to this pastoral mood but lacks the roundedness . ' fragments of a rainy season ' is a good retrospective concert . and some of the fuge written around the hommage to andy warhol is very moving stuff . go john 
books neg 987.txt what happened to this book ? it is a disgrace to the star wars universe . it 's practically a star wars dictionary , that 's all . in spite of the good pictures , this book was very disappointing ! ! ! 
books neg 314.txt i bought bead fantasies and bead fantasies ii at the same time after reading the positive reviews ; i wish i had looked at these books before buying . there are pretty motifs that i will incorporate into my beading projects but i find the small typed directions overly simplistic and the diagrams are too small . i 'm glad this is n't my first beading book or i would feel totally discouraged from trying any of these projects . i wo n't be buying bead fantasies iii . the art and elegance of beadweaving and coraling technique remain my favorite beading books . 
camera neg 98.txt hello all , lens hoods are pretty much a necessity , but this has to be the mostly poorly made hood i 've ever used . unlike other hoods that screw on , this one requires you to press to opposing clips and then slide the hood one , and release the clips . this leads to problems of alignment , meaning both sides of the clip need to be perfectly aligned in order for the hood to fit right . although it 's a pain and i hate...i do n't really have another alternative . either go w / o a hood , or take this one . either way , guess i 'd rather have a hood on the lense than not having one 
dvd pos 258.txt " when was the last time you actually bought a ticket to see a movie , you actually paid your own money to see it ? " " last night , pasedena . the bicycle thief . " " it 's an art movie . it does n't count . we 're talking about movie movies . " robert altman is one of my favorite directors , mainly for the way he finds insight in the most inane actions or phrases . this short exchange has many layers when taken out of context and many more when taken in context . with this dialog , the player reveals exactly why hollywood movies do n't make the money they should . not because they do n't make quality films , but because when a good movie does make money , it does n't count because it 's not a " movie movie . " if he stopped to really listen to what was being said , he would 've seen that art films have a great drawing power and actually do n't cost much to make . but people still wonder why the modern film industry is suffering . wait , there 's more . the people in the room do n't know it , but producer griffin mill , in a fit of paranoia , killed an unemployed screenwriter outside the theater that night . he was being stalked by a writer , but he blamed ( and murdered ) the wrong one . now he 's still being stalked , still in danger of losing his job , and the cops suspect him of murder . not a good week for mister mill . as the conversation presses on , mill 's potential replacement passes around a newspaper , telling people to read random headlines to be made into scripts . mill spots the story on his murder which we 're already watching play out in a movie . yes , it 's that type of movie , the self-referential hollywood movie about hollywood movies that keeps teasing itself for the viewers ' enjoyment . we 've seen it about a thousand times before ( or since ) : get shorty , adaptation , wes craven 's new nightmare , even certain elements of 8 1 / 2. there 's really nothing too special about it , but this one has much more subtlety and is much more believable . pay close attention to the ending scene , and think about what words they 're using opposed to what they 're really saying . there 's really only one word for a film like this : " clever ! 
music pos 830.txt i heard the chairman dances and went right to amazon to order this . this ia a lovely little gem of a cd , and it is so pleasing to find john adams , another great modern american composer . i 'm also a fan of composers such as christopher rouse , for example , and joe leniado chira is my cousin . modern composers are a precious resource that we should explore , demand more of and nurture . we afficianados would like to see symphony orchestras and ensembles giving more attention to the modern genre . meanwhile , john adams has impressed me with this disc . the chairman dances is my favorite . i can just see chairman mao doing a vigorous foxtrot to this , and tricky dick feeling jealous . this might be the music that opened china to the west 
books neg 684.txt first off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple . i mean look at some of them they are so cheesy one of them actually refers to the author as mr. miller who is he brown nosing for sounds like a greeting card they are so " textbooky " and insincere . the book itself is almost entirely filler on how to read music ( which half the music books in borders are or they are just giant scale books that are reemed out like saw dust totally useless , which leads to the great difficulty on how to actually find an explantion to this jargon and then someone comes along and says they have an answer that will make things clear but then they fall short ) up until half the the book and many times periodically things are just repeated terminology loosely defined such as hook which is just recording industry jargon not theory . book never goes into the physical principals that would actually explain some things in it as to why the notes themselves are in the order they are such as acoustics , never got an answer as to what a whole step or a half step was by the way and when i asked many teachers and questioned them they knew nothing or gave a circular answer defining it themselves without an outside reference only to find that they were just parroting it all along . the problems with this is everything is assumed in the entire field . i recommend the only book that i have found that made some sense to me called fractals in music by charles madden much more organized and assembles things from the very beginning working into more and more complex shapes and structures . 
health neg 3.txt when i got this pedometer , i found that the instructions were n't clear . i never did get the thing to work . i have had pedometers before and they have always been easy to operate . this one wasn't . the pedometer does n't cost enough to go through the hassle of returning it at your cost . it 's just easier to buy a new one . however , i suggest that you purchase it in person from a sporting goods or health store 
dvd neg 402.txt this is not a good movie ! bad acting , story , and picture ! i was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man after dvd i had but alass it was not . pass on this one unless u have 2 have it 
software neg 517.txt i have used spyware doctor since version 3 - - almost three years now . i liked the interface and simplicity - - and the power . but as others have pointed out , including industry reviews , version 4.x was a huge drain on system resources . my pc 's would take anywhere from 5-9 minutes to completely boot up , with spyware doctor using almost 100% cpu the whole time . also , my computers would frequently " freeze , " which turned out to be spyware doctor randomly zooming to 95-100% cpu for no reason at all . but with version 5 , things are so much worse . about 3 weeks ago , my pc 's lost their ability to connect to the internet . browsing slowed to a crawl , with frequent timeouts and " server not found " . i spent days on the phone with my cable company , and my router 's manufacturer , trying to troubleshoot . i re-configured my entire home network over and over . i never made the connection between the onset of problems and my updating to sd5. it was only after finding the pctools support forums that i realized the problem was spyware doctor . i removed the program from my pc 's - - and the problems were gone . i had full internet connection and full speed again . spyware doctor 5 is causing massive problems for users . pctools rewrote the program from the ground up , the company says , to improve the resource drain caused by version 4. but apparently it was rushed to market even though beta testers reported many of these same problems for weeks . i 've uninstalled this software and am basically wasting my subscription and losing money . other users are right - - pctools does indeed " auto-renew " and charge your credit card without warning . this is a huge red flag . i lost hours , days , dealing with the problems caused by this program . many users have had to reinstall windows completely . it 's easy to get caught up in the hyperbole and negative reviews . but do n't just take these at face value - - read the spyware doctor forum at pctools ' website . these problems are real . and it does n't look like they 're going to be addressable anytime soon . they 've issued a couple of version updates , even removed several of the program 's protection " guards " , but these have n't fixed the problems . and they 're not giving any kind of timeline or explanations to users . my advice - - stay away for now . but keep up with the forums at pctools ' website . when they finally get the issues resolved , this should be a really strong spyware program . * pctools has also been criticized for offering a " free spyware scan " on their website ( actually a download of sd ) , which will find spyware on your system but refuse to remove it until you buy a subscription to spyware doctor . this kind of sleazy bullying is n't normally characteristic of reputable companies - - most will give you an actual free trial with functioning software 
health pos 82.txt the toothbrush is great , feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned 
health pos 815.txt i wanted a cordless shaver because at my age ( 49 ) i need my glasses on to see the hairs i 'm shaving , and that does n't work well in the shower ! this braun is a good buy , easy to use , and works well if you follow the directions and shave slowly . it 's not as close or smooth as a blade and shaving gel , but it 's quicker and less mess , so i think it 's a good trade-off . 
health pos 715.txt you wo n't have to use much lotion on your body after using this product . i love it... . 
health neg 595.txt these did nothing for me . ask your doctor about aphthasol , a prescription drug approved by the fda - - which means it 's passed rigorous government testing standards . aphthasol changed my life 
dvd neg 772.txt the no-name comedians at the beginning were funny , bea arthur killed , and the dumpy lady at the end who kept talking about how african-americans used to dig her backside but do n't any longer was funny . courtney love 's antics were amusing but grew tiresome . the rest of the roast was horrible . telling tommy lee that his genitals are the envy of barnyard animals is not an insult . and , after it 's repeated ad nauseum , it 's not funny either . has andy dick ever been funny ? kimmel ? corolla ? sarah silverman ? spade post-farley ? no . it 's as if comedy central corralled the most unfunny comedians of the past 10 years . and the bonus features are horrible . the interviewer was annoying- -even the guests seemed annoyed with her . was gilbert gottfried not available ? that guy is funny 
dvd pos 494.txt i found i did enjoy this movie , even though the director took liberties . it does n't follow so much the novel by jane austen , but if you have n't read the book and are unable to do the comparisons , this movie is enjoyable . i gave 4 stars because of the liberties taken by the director , but did like what i saw 
health neg 89.txt the scale part works fine , but the fat % measurement does not work . if you care about fat% , i 'd recommend using the hand held device instead . it gives more accurate reads . 
books pos 57.txt brilliant . sam harris portends the calamitous pathway that irrational , divisive thinking ( religious & secular ) will cause . he also spells out the necessary suggestions and goals for humans to evolve to the point where we 're globally not at risk of suffering due to anachronistic prejudices 
music neg 569.txt garbage metal - music for the american mainstream to feed on . i saw them open for slayer about 4-5 years back , and they had about 5 guys on stage doing nothing except jumping up and down . how pathetic ! pick up some real metal... . like old kreator . 
camera neg 741.txt did not get kodak max , instead recieved regular kodak crv3 battery . i thought i was ordering a better version , seller needs to change misleading picture ! 
dvd pos 774.txt about time urban works brings back " the cosby show " , but i wonder , what happened to " a different world " after the release cancellation of season 2 ? if any worker of urban works reads this , please reply ! ! ! ! 
health neg 362.txt this pillow offers no back support when nursing a baby . i bought a brest friend instead . you can attach that pillow to you and focus on helping your baby nurse instead of supporting your babies entire body . pass up the boppy 
music pos 2.txt on one hand , this cd is a straight ahead instrumental rocker , but johnny a really shows how great he is with ballads , such as his covers of " wichita lineman , " and " yes it is. " in fact , those two ballads alone are worth the price of the cd by themselves . but johnny a can flat kick your ass , too . he 's a biker and his tunes like oh yeah , in the wind and two wheel horse are named for his other hobby . and they rock , but there 's nothing cliched or tired in his style . he always seems to be looking for new ways to say something . i saw him in person at the triple door in seattle sometime in february 2005 in a power trio format and he played most of the tunes on this album . the guy is one amazing guitar player . he played his signature gibson hollow body , fitted with a vibrato tailpiece ( bigsby ? it was like the old chet atkins " country gentleman " model ) and he utilized a battery of foot pedal effects , coming eventually through a pair of marshall combo amps . the guy had some of the best clean tones i 've ever heard from anyone , anywhere . basically , johnny a is a guitarist who has complete command of the instrument . and he 's got a rocking soul that cuts loose on originals and covers alike in a style that 's all his own , and that 's saying something these days . if you love great rocking / rockabilly guitar , combined with really cool ballad playing in the power trio format , this cd is just what you 're looking for . in fact , i guarantee you 'll be knocked out . five stars . 
music neg 905.txt i knew this would n't be the sia from zero 7 's album . little did i know exactly how bad she could be without the superior talents zero 7 have behind the mixing boards . the song production is terrible . i could n't find one song i really liked on this cd . sia truly has a unique voice but it 's evident that good production can make a star out of a flashlight . still , i 'm severely disappointed , particularly because i had to pay for this cd as an import 
camera pos 937.txt just like any other minidv tape . good pric 
dvd neg 119.txt this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie 
books neg 75.txt i loved the earlier nevada barr mysteries , with their depiction of national parks and natural dangers . i was n't as happy with some of her latest efforts , but still had n't given up on her . now i 'm not so sure . this latest novel started off well enough although the idea of two severely traumatized girls should have been a clue as to what would follow . the idea that they were from a polygamous mormon sect was a red herring . perhaps it was barr 's attempt to show us how these girls were abused even before they met evil incarnate . the scenes where anna realizes who the real villian is and her interaction with him and the poor tortured third traumatized girl went on for over 60 pages . each scene was more disturbing the one before it . i found myself skimming the pages and still am not sure how she resolved all the loose ends . but i have absolutely no desire to re-read the end of the book and find out . i wish i could say that i would read another nevada barr novel because i so thoroughly enjoyed the first ones . but after reading this disturbing , somewhat convoluted story , i would think twice . if i did pick up another anna pigeon novel , i 'd make sure i had something else to read if the story took another dark turn . i would certainly not stick with it to the end . 
dvd neg 128.txt black hawk down has n't got an interesting story on offer . when a bunch of marines is stranded in mogadishu , somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start attacking them . from there it is just angry men running and shooting . although this is what you would expect from a war movie , black hawk down remains way below average . i think this movie could have done better with some obvious main characters . now you barely get a chance to start caring about what happens to the soldiers . now you have so many qualified actors doing nothing but firing guns . as this movie was based on events that truly took place , probably americans will appreciate black hawk down a little more . ( sarr ) 
dvd pos 934.txt this is a good 1st season set for the series of criminal intent . i strongly recommend this if you are a fan 
camera pos 735.txt i did a lot of research before buying this camera . we could have bought a higher quality digital camcorder for less or higher quality minidv camcorder for the same price . what led to our final decision to purchase this camcorder was the fact we could record straight to a 8cm dvd-r , finalize the disc on the camcorder , and play it directly on our dvd player or dvd-rom player on our computer . we did n't want to deal with sticking cables and wires into the tv , electrical outlet , and camera to playback footage . and we also did n't want to deal with the cost and trouble of transferring footage onto dvds to keep in our video library for the future . for those of you who like to edit , re-record , create effects , etc. , you need to purchase special software separately , but with a dvd-ram disc , you have the ease and convenience of doing it all from your dvd-rom on your computer . you can also download it with the usb cable , but it is nice to be able to just pop it in the dvd drive and get started . if you are only interested in playback , dvd-r discs are sufficient ; however , you ca n't erase or record over footage on dvd-rs , only dvd-rw and dvd-ram discs . the picture quality of the camera is adequate . it is n't grainy , but smooth and actually very nice in the right lighting , especially outside on a sunny day . it does n't have a built-in light , so you have to be aware of the right surroundings and environment for recording . i would give the picture quality a 3.75 out of 5. if you want better quality , you will need to buy a more expensive dvd camcorder . considering how far we have come over the years with home video technology , it definitely beats those days images were out of focus and grainy . you ca n't compare it to tv and movie camera quality , but i think it is pretty darn good for home videos . the zoom is good , but of course it takes some time to focus if you zoom in or out too quickly . the stabilizer is pretty good , but i keep it off for the most part to get better picture quality . if you plan to move around a lot , use the function , but expect to lose a little quality in the process . what basically happens when using the stabilizer ( with most cameras , i believe ) is that the image movements are slightly delayed . the sound quality is adequate , but if you are recording when it is windy , you will pick up a lot of the wind sounds unless you block the microphone with your hand . the only problem i have had so far is with the discs . we bought panasonic dvd-rw discs and ca n't get them to play on our computer or in our dvd player . we ended up purchasing sony dvd-r discs and they play with no problem . when i called panasonic about their dvd-rw discs , they did n't have a good answer . the representative told me to make sure the dvd-rw discs are compatible with my players . i told her they may not be compatible with my dvd player , but it should be with my new computer software . the representative just repeated herself and eventually said there is n't any difference between sony and panasonic discs ( interesting ) . they make the claim that panasonic discs work the best in the manual , but now i know better . overall , this camcorder is a great value ( you ca n't beat the price for this dvd technology ) , average to good quality picture and functions , is excellent for the ease and convenience of dvd playback and storage , and is really easy to use . 
books neg 110.txt while i realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book , it reminds me of the story , " the emperor has no clothes " . yes , choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes , the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying . the " flipping back and forth " was not accomplished in a smooth , flowing manner . in addition , the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved . the kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived . it would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone 
books pos 798.txt i would recomend this book to anyone , it is fantastic and funny . it made me laugh . it really took my imagination on an adventure . you really need to read this book . 
books neg 570.txt a bunch of junk . not any of the really meaty excersises . an excuse for the auhor to make money 
music pos 422.txt only 2 words can describe this great cd and they are ( simply incerdible ) im only 17 but i know great oldschool when i hear it and this is fantastic musi 
camera pos 98.txt i have owned this camera for about two months now and have taken about 100 photographs ( keepers ) to date . because i have been involved in photography for almost 35 years , i have developed certain prejudices . in particular , i have never been comfortable with auto exposure and even less comfortable with auto focus . in fact , the last auto focus camera i owned was a nikon n8008s that i ultimately sold at auction because i could not adapt to using the various auto settings . however , i like this camera . why ? the d70s is a very easy camera to use and i have only had to refer to the manual to check on a couple of settings and look up some features . honestly , set up takes only a few minutes and handling is not terribly different from a film camera . i should point out that this camera is really designed for auto focus lenses and if you choose to use your manual focus lot , you will disable many of the camera 's features . because i am both stubborn and cheap ( but mostly only when it comes to spending money on myself ) i am using my manual focus lenses on this camera . it is true that i do not get any internal exposure meter readings and must rely on a handheld gossen or the sunny 16 rule ( quite effective , really ) for exposure determination . the lcd preview screen thus is critical for determining or adjusting exposure . i should also point out that the depth of field preview feature is also lost when using manual focus lenses . i was stunned when i could not stop my lens down and burrowed through the manual to find out what i was doing wrong- -which was nothing except that i was using the wrong type of lens . while i really miss this feature , i am not sure how big a loss it really is because of the viewfinder . others have made mention of the low magnification and tunnel like views through the finder and i can attest to this fact . i compared finder views to my trusty old fm and was just stunned by how poorly the d70 compared . ultimately the best camera is the camera you use and the d70 has become my camera of choice . even though i am using this camera like a vintage m series leica- -i.e . , handheld meter and presetting exposure in anticipation of a photograph- -i find that i can live with this level of usability . at some point i will probably buy an auto focus lens ( maybe the 35 f2 ) and make full use of the feature set . but for now i content on using the camera the old fashioned way 
music pos 95.txt like many of the highly talented and innovative groups of the 1980 's , the pet shop boys were ahead of their time . this album was purchased mainly for " west end girls " and " it 's a sin . " play this album from beginning to end without interruption - it 's fantastic . " loves comes quickly " emerges for me as the best of the pet shop boys remarkable and unique sound - a composition reflecting orchestral complexity and pulsating energy . the great contributions of great britain and australia to music in the 1980 's in my opinion comes largely from their composers and performers effectively combining the power and harmonic complexity of some classical music compositions of the mid 1920 's to the early 1950 's ( no doubt the origins of some great movie scores ) with the emerging sophistication and always present upbeat effect of rock and roll . you will love the pet shop boys 
books pos 281.txt this book still does not address many areas i find interesting in james brown 's career but i find it a natural companion to the three other jb books in my collection : cynthia rose 's " living in america : the soul saga of james brown " ; geoff brown 's biography " james brown " ; and ofcourse , the brown / tucker " the godfather of soul - james brown " . all three dig deep into this metaphysical musician 's mind but this one has a stronger narrative , a bit less guarded : his late ' 80s fall is described in a more contrite way , for example . his scientific study of his audience is perhaps something new in his dialogue - but he broaches the subject of how music motivates women in a different way than it does men , then immediately moves on to the next thought . even by 2005 standards his live albums contain some of the most overt sexuality , obviously directed at the female fans , ever recorded . similarly , his admonitions to admonishes contemporary rap / hip-hop artists are eloquent but must be deemed a bit self-righteous : there is alot of " adult " content in his catalogue which ca n't be explained away as " art " . however , fans can trace his development into more " cerebral " music , with more and more sensitive ballads and socially-conscious tunes being produced from the late ' 60s on . i was happy to read his description of little richard 's assistance in his early career , but a bit disheartened when he suggested that penniman was basically a rock and roll raver - i find it hard to believe that this publication brought out his true feelings about his georgia neighbor - the influence is quite obvious and not just on " chonnie on chon " . another depressing ommission is with marva whitney , his popular lead female vocalist from c . '67 to ' 70. a recent documentary reveals that marva traveled to vietnam with the star but here he simply says that he was only allowed to travel with a small part of his musical backup . despite the above concerns , with this book james brown has shown the literary world that he is a writer . ofcourse this was obvious to the musical world - just listen to " do n't be a drop out " , " i do n't want nobody to give me nothing " , " the man in the glass " , " i 'm not demanding " , " it 's christmas time " , and " peace in the world " 
dvd pos 268.txt if you follow my reviews , you know that i felt the version of " jack the ripper " with michael caine as inspector fred abberline was a phenomenal masterpiece . not only was michael caine phenomenal in the role , but that version offered convincing speculation to a mystery we do n't know and never will . while i respect this version with johnny depp , it is more horror oriented . ( michael caine 's version was more historical . ) onto the subject at hand . some of you may know jack 's 5 victims . ( mary anne nichols , annie chapman , elizabeth stride , kathy eadows , and mary jane kelly . ) well , they seem to have a close friendship , and we also get the impression that they share some dangerous secret . ( in the michael caine version , the 5 victims knew each other , but they were just associates . ) well , of course jack the ripper comes into play . one scene is very well done in that while we do n't see his face , we do see some disturbing pictures , and we do see him cutting his steak and pouring blood red wine . in comes depp ( inspector fred abberline ) . it is interesting that while the older michael caine brought frustration and tremendous energy to the role , johnny depp looks like his character is living on borrowed time and going to die anyday . but maybe depp did n't want to just imitate caine . one thing i had a problem with was that while caine had some trouble with his superiors , depp 's trouble with his superiors is blown out of proportion . ( without giving the story away , his superiors must have known things that they did n't tell depp ! at least caine 's superiors carried some reason on their side ! ) you 'll probably notice that depp finds things out much quicker than caine did . ( probably because caine 's version was 4 hours , while depp 's is only 2. ) while caine was involved with an artist , depp becomes involved with mary jane kelly . gradually , depp discovers things that put together an interesting puzzle . like caine did in his version , depp ironically gets close and almost friendly with the killer . ( of course , depp does not know he is talking to the killer . ) well , another problem here is that in the caine version , we can understand more why the killer appeared normal and was even friendly with caine . we never really understand here why the killer is friendly and even helpful to depp . ( jack the ripper does not have the same mental illness he did in the caine version . ) i will admit that the scenery is well done , the elements of horror are there , and depp did a good job of not just imitating michael caine . and depp 's sergeant godley does offer some entertainment . but if you saw the michael caine version , you will undoubtedly miss the quite probable historical accuracy . if on the other hand , you do n't mind the fact that this version is more geared towards horror than history , you 'll probably find it a respectable horror movie . side note : johnny depp makes inspector fred abberline look like he 's going to die anyday . well , in reality , fred abberline lived on for 40 more years after he stopped jack the ripper . 
music neg 100.txt gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal ! 
music pos 834.txt i have been a fan for jaci velasquez for the past eight years and enjoy hearing her voice in both languages . i do not speak spanish but enjoy her artistic abilities none the less . this album lived up to the velasquez name in my book - my family and i only really enjoy the traditional sounding christmas carols and tend to not enjoy the revised versions . jaci 's album not only made sure the carols were sung traditionally but she has given us a gift a couple new songs that will be added to my christmas traditions ! overall i love this album and the only reason i did not give it a full five stars was that i am done with that chipmunk song . sorry everybody . 
health neg 70.txt the charlatans who makes this [...] deserve to be shot and so does anybody stupid enough to buy it . eat a balanced diet and get some exercise . do n't be a moron all your life . 
music pos 545.txt " the essential jimmie rodgers " is highly recommended for any serious country music fan . if anyone is the genuine article , it is jimmie . listeners will recognize some old favorites among the tracks including " frankie and johnny " , " mule skinner blues " and " t for texas " . there are also fine versions of " waitin ' for a train " and " in the jailhouse now " though some may prefer jerry lee lewis ' version of the former and the webb pierce recording of the latter . the most interesting tracks are less well known . these include " my old pal " , " my old sunny south by the sea " and one devoted not to a mother but a father ( ! ) - " daddy and home " . for this reviewer , the album hit its high point on the final track , a mournful " tb blues " , a reference to the disease that took jimmie 's life at 35. while jimmie 's yodeling style may not be for everyone , this reviewer considers this album a safe bet . keep in mind that jr was elected to both the country and rock and roll hall of fame . further , the " essential " series of albums rarely disappoints . these almost always sponsor well - produced compilations of our past heroes best efforts . " the essential jimmie rodgers " certainly falls into that category 
software neg 251.txt in installed this product on a dell optiplex gx110 ( admittedly not the latest , but still a very standard machine ) running windows 2000 with 512mb of memory . in spite of spending literally hours with the software i was unable to get it to produce an outline or dimensioning of a wall being drawn by dragging the mouse , as clearly illustrated in the accompanying video . without this feature it is virtually impossible to efficienctly produce exterior or interior walls . multiple emails to broderbund have produced autoreplies suggesting that i refer to their website for help . this site is essentially worthless for all but the most fundamental problems ( like not being able to read the install cd ) . it would also appear that this product is picky about the hardware it supports and also the version of driver . be prepared for possible frustrations with this product , with little support from the manufacturer . i cannot report on other features of the software because i was never able to produce even the walls of a structure 
software neg 526.txt i bought this for my child who uses it at school and loves it . i have a mac pro running the latest version of mac os . i installed it and it needs to run on 800x600 resolution , which is kind of silly in this day-and-age , but that works ok . what does not work is that it crashes about every 5 minutes . pretty unworkable . do n't bother buying this for a mac 
books pos 107.txt if you have n't read this book , i would make it top prority ! this book is fantastic ! there hasnt been anything close to it yet . she is an outstanding writer and produces wonderful stories ! better grab a tissue , its a tear-jerker 
dvd neg 270.txt here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made ! i could n't believe what i was watching ! moreover , i am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating . what is going on ? is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about ? am i naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain ? where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work , hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema 's most tedious and overrated sleep inducing actor ralph fiennes ? how i long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as " the constant gardener " it appears that we unfortunate " real " film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future . 
books neg 250.txt should martha rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a " business decision " ? i would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this " criminal spectacle " designed to make the question of martha / mdiddy 's innocence a moot point . are honest business practices being pushed to the side ? by normalizing , generalizing , and minimalizing martha / mdiddy 's crimes , are we loosing our morality ? how important is integrity to a leader...former ceo of a company ? be " thoughtful 
software neg 572.txt my subscription for 2006 was up and i needed to renew - since i just reinstalled windows xp professional ( sp2 ) on my laptop ( a dell inspiron 9300 , intel pentium m 2ghz , 512mb ram , 60gb hard disk ) , i decided to simply purchase the 360. i have been having issues with the live update for several weeks now ( error 5 ) . instead i have to download a 15 mb file ever so often with the updated definitions . after checking the technical support website , it appears that norton is aware of the problem and is currently working on it . that was just about two weeks ago . customer support is non-existent it appears since i have yet to be contacted . complete waste of time . renew your existing subscriptions instead . i wish that i had 
health pos 95.txt this review is about the oral-b flexisoft replacement heads . coupled with the braun electric toothbrushes , this is one of the most effective aids to oral hygiene ever developed . my introduction to oral-b goes back over 27 years to a usaf basic training briefing ; a dental technician held up an oral-b toothbrush with medium bristles and said " this is the toothbrush you need if you want to keep your teeth " or some such statement like that . well , i have n't lost one yet . the motorized mechanicals of the toothbrush do most of the work while you guide the oscillating round head around and over your pearly whites . while the heads are undeniably pricey when looked at just in dollars and cents , there is value in the fact that the total package actually makes a rather mundane chore a little more fun while actually living up to the claim that it does a better job on your teeth than manual brushing . since i 've always believed the entire surface area of the toothbrush head was meant to be covered with toothpaste and the size of the head on these is smaller than the average brush , i know i 'm using less toothpaste to do the same job . while this is no big deal , the long term economic benefit is plaque under control , healthy gums and a bright smile full of natural teeth . it 's kind of hard to deny it works since my dentist has confirmed the positive results upon direct examination . just be careful what model of these brush heads you are selecting and watch the pricing . oral-b uses a kind of color code for the bristles , and the ones that have the colored indicator bristles in a line with the shaft are the flexisoft model that seems to equate to medium hardness . enjoy life 
dvd neg 342.txt i discarded the dvd after watching it . if you do not want to have the impression of witchcraft in your home do n't buy this version of the secret garden . 
health pos 812.txt i saw these reading glasses on csi:ny and just had to have them ! it 's really nice to have a quality pair of reading glasses...and the wow factor does n't hurt either ! i 've read some of the reviews and can see where women with hair past their shoulders might have a problem with this type of glasses . my hair is shortish ( layered to the bottom of my neck ) and i would n't want it any longer if i was going to wear these glasses a lot...which i do ! they are n't portable...but they are n't supposed to be . i keep mine in my office where i need to take them on and off the most frequently . i 'll probably get another pair for home but i 'll used my old ones i can put in my case for carrying in my purse . all in all...i 'm very glad i got them 
dvd neg 886.txt first , let me say , i love koyaanisqatsi , the original film in this trilogy . koyaanisqatsi is a true visual poem that tells a straight forward story about what we humans are doing to the earth . the second film in the trilogy , powaqqatsi , was n't as good as the first but it was still fairly understandable as a critique of how humans exploit one another . naqoyqatsi could have been the best in the series since it had ample opportunity to show us the horrors of war . instead , it comes off as a sophomoric exercise in video experimentation , nothing more . if not for philip glass ' music , i would not have given this film any rating at all . i write this criticism in hopes that godfrey reggio sees it . he should pull this travesty off the market and reshoot the entire film with stronger footage showing us , as clearly as he did with " koy " , why war ( the topic of " naq " ) is so horrific . if you want an effective critique of violence , try " clockwork orange " . naqoyqatsi is simply a mess 
software neg 286.txt i tried to like this product . as previous reviews have said it has significant design limitations . if you only need a 2d floorplan there are better tools for the same money or less . the object libraries that come with the tool - furniture , fabrics , etc. - are really lame . this limits it 's value as an interior design tool . i did not attempt to return it so i cannot comment on their return policy 
books neg 979.txt i only needed this for school a little while back . now i am marketing in hawaii at a resort and realizing this book taught me little to nothing . have fun with it if you please though 
dvd pos 407.txt by winning their third title in four years the same year that the baseball team that defines the hopes and dreams of generations of new englanders wins its first world series in 86 years . it 's true , the patriots somehow pieced together a team that , despite a string of injuries that seemed to defy all rationality and managed to finish a second consecutive campaign as super bowl champions with a 17-2 record ( which just as easily could have / should have been 18-1 ) ...but the 2004 boston red sox completely sucked the oxygen out of the american sports atmosphere and somehow the 2004 patriots season just does n't seem to measure up to the previous title years of 2001 and 2003. part of the reason is that the previous years seemed to have their own personalities ( 2001 having 9 / 11 , the coming-of-age of tom brady , the snow bowl , and the unbelievable finish of what was probably the most exciting super bowl ever . 2003 had the release of lawyer milloy , the early stumbles to buffalo and washington , the birth of the winning streak , winter weather in foxboro , and yet another thrilling super bowl finish ) ; 2004 just seemed like an anticlimax by comparison , like you were watching a scripted performance that was always going to end with the " w " on the patriots ' side of the field . this is not to say that there were not intriguing challenges that made for good storytelling...the injuries ( leading to the incredible " throwback " two-way play of veteran wide receiver / rookie cornerback troy brown ) , the continued winning streak , the rebirth of offseason acquisition corey dillon , the continuing mastery of the indianapolis colts , and the return to pittsburgh ( where the record 21-game winning streak came to an emphatic end on halloween ( just days after the red sox won the world series , karmically enough ) , where university of michigan graduate tom brady resurrected himself from a triple-digit fever the night before to thoroughly dismantle the best regarded defense in the nfl to send the patriots back to the super bowl , this time in the unfairly maligned city of jacksonville , fl . no nail-biting endings this time , though...despite the best efforts of terrell owens to come back from a leg and ankle injury that would have ended the season of anyone else ( with the possible exception of curt schilling , of course ) , the eagles all-pro was clearly the second-best receiver on the field as deion branch won the super bowl mvp for a record day ( safetyman and render of mayhem extraordinaire rodney harrison would have been my pick , actually ) and the patriots , though trailing early , never really seemed in doubt of winning a game they led by 10 points late before prevailing by the final score of 24-21 which in truth flattered the eagles more than they deserved . far be it that a season ending with a record of 17-2 and another super bowl ring should be considered hum-drum , but there was something missing from the 2004 campaign that , impressive as it was , just does n't translate to the memorable re-telling that the pats ' previous title years do . this is a great dvd for pats fans , indispensible even , but for the casual fan who appreciates the drama that a good nfl season can bring , i would recommend either of the previous patriots highlights dvd 's over this one 
software pos 644.txt how can doing taxes get any easier ? this is my fifth year using turbo tax and i think each year gets easier and faster . i love the way my information from the previous year is brought forward and the ability to e-file is just a click away . i ca n't imagine using any other program 
software pos 695.txt what a wonderful game - addictive and motivating ! if you want to be able to make original sentences , you might need something more in depth with a bit more grammar , but for " eazy speak " this is right on the target ! fun for any computer user ! looking for spanish curriculum for younger kids ? try flip flop spanish which has a cd with the writable workbook 
music neg 168.txt dull and uninspiring , listening to this cd i could n't see what distinguished the doves from the other insipid sound-a-like bands that plague the modern music scene . if you like the white stripes , franz ferdinand , arctic monkeys , the killers then be grateful that they 've saved rock music from boring dross like this 
dvd pos 454.txt overall , this is an extremely awesome concert . i am a big fan of dt , and like pretty much all their stuff . the performance itself is pretty good , although the only truly special thing they do is the instrumedley and jordan 's keyboard solo . other than that they pretty much just play their songs as you hear them on the album . if they had done more special things , it would have gotten a 5 star rating instead of 4. other people complain about how the band really doesnt get into their music during the performance , but would say they did okay as far as that goes . sure the singer doesnt get out from behind the mic stand , thats because half the time he is dragging it along with him , although i will say the band overall doesnt really get into it as much as most other metal bands , and thats probably why they have the video show up on the screens behind them . the special features are also pretty good , but i would not buy this concert just for those , backstage footage and things of that nature are cool but do not make a dvd good by themselves . overall , i did think it was pretty cool , and i would recommend buying it if you like dream theater or just their genre of music in general 
dvd pos 671.txt wow , how nice to watch sam cooke 's story from beginning to end . interviews with the family adds a wealth of inside information . i never knew sam 's father was a chicago minister and of course sam was the younger one who surprised the family when he first sang ! unfortunate for music that his life was taken so early . after watching this dvd , i bought sam cooke music and surpised that some songs are songs i had no idea sam wrote 
health pos 12.txt this has got to be one of the easiest blood pressure monitors to use . it really does n't start until your arm is in the correct position , letting you know by beeping when you 've got it right . the display is large and easy to read and understand . i definitely would recommend this 
books neg 131.txt this is a tough review to write because i felt the authors made a good effort in the writing of the book and explanations of the spring framework . writing a book is no small feat , and technical books are a special beast . with that last statement in mind , this is were the book sadly falls short . for one , the source code available online is a significant rewrite of the books ' code . the authors explain ( on the publisher site ) that this is because they learned better ways and techniques to implement the samlpe application after the book went to print . while improvement is always good , this presents two problems . 1. the sample application is now out of sync with the material . not a good thing for those trying to learn , as you require more effort to study in tandem with the book . also , and this is not to disparage the authors skill , but i buy books because i am expecting experienced , if not expert advice . if a small , sample application needs rewriting , perhaps they should write about something else ? further down this road , the sample application has errors that prevent it from compiling . i suspect that the final build file was not tested , or it was a case of " well , it compiles on my machine " . there were several dependencies that required changes to the build file so it could be compiled . thankfully , i use eclipse and imported the project . eclipse immediately informed me of missing dependencies , which i resolved by getting those jars on the build path and in the build file so they would be deployed in the war archive . examples are : jakarta-commons / collections , and several core spring jars relating to dao and database access . for an experienced developer , familiar with ant and a good ide , it was not a lot of trouble to get it running , it just did not give me a good impression . bonus info for anyone switching the database out to postgresql : first , no matter what db you swap in , you 'll need to change a few hard coded references in the build file . i made property variables which i placed in build.properties . then you will need to change the class user to something else ( and of course anything in the app that references it . ) . another great reason to use eclipse . why you must change it , is user is a reserved keyword in postgresql and you will get databases errors because you ca n't name a table user 
dvd neg 392.txt warner bros is putting out a series of " signature collections " . they are nothing of the sort . they are studio collections . the word signature implies the best of the best . a signature collection of hitch 's work would not include several of these titles . the rarely seen foreign correspondent and i confess . the failed comedy mr. & mrs. smith . the experimental dial m for murder and the wrong man . the middling stage fright . only strangers on a train and north by northwest are signature hitchcock . where are psycho , vertigo , the birds , rear window , notorious , shadow of a doubt , rebecca , the 39 steps , the lady vanishes and , purhaps even , the lodger ? a signature collection would include all or most of these titles with north by northwest and strangers on a train . of course this would oblidge the different studios to cooperate with each other . god forbid . warner bros is developing a reputation for shortchanging and lying to its customers . you 're much better off buying your favorite hitchcock titles individually new or used 
books neg 1.txt this book has its good points . if anything , it helps you put into words what you want from a supervisor , but it is not very accurate . the online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you , or if they do n't describe you at all . this messes up the results , and it did not describe me very well . i am not just in denial . i have taken a lot of personality type tests , like the keirsey temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths . so , although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths , it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology . as for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees , i'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate . the company i work for has done this , and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths ( according to this book ) are very unhappy in their new positions . your money can be spent better elsewhere . i say its only worth about $10 
software neg 233.txt be advised , this software is for a single user , only licensed for one computer . i bought this for home use after using ss% for 2 years and v-com said it would no longer be supported of 03 / 06. i installed it on 2 home computers , it worked fine for 4 weeks , then it popped up a box on my second computer that i couls not use it because it was licensed on another computer , i needed to buy additional license for each computer . when i tried to use it on my main computer , it popped up the same message . so now it will not work on either computer . i uninstalled it and sent it back . just because it 's cheap does not mean it 's any good 
software neg 816.txt i installed the product hoping it would help me with all the errors i was getting ( i have windows xp ) . well , 2 weeks and $200 it 's what it took for me to have my computer repaired . it would not let me log on to windows , i got errors i 've never seen and it completely messed all my files . big waste of money . i had to re-format my hard drive and my computer is only 1 month old ! ! 
health neg 459.txt i got this as a gift for my husband . he used it for about 3 weeks , but still had red marks , and had to follow up afterwards with a regular " disposable " razor . the whole process of shaving took twice as long as disposable razors and was n't as good . luckily , braun had a 30 day money-back guarantee , so we were able to return it ( minus shipping x 2 ) 
software neg 124.txt i trusted that this software would do what it claimed to do and was so let down by its lack of performance that i am dumbfounded and left speechless . during backup process i selected about 15gb of info to backup , spanning 4 dvds . everything looked fine , except for two ( 2 ) simple errors that i received , indicating that those related files may not have been copied / backed up properly . i figured no big deal , 2 files / errors out 15gb , i could handle that . based upon the false pretenses that my critical info was backed up properly ( simple pictures , videos , mp3 files and financial files to include previous years tax files ) , i then proceeded to slick my drive . remember , only 2 simple , benign and almost inconspicuous errors during the backup process . everything looked great . during the restore process , i then received numerous errors , each of them requiring me to click ' yes ' when asked if i wanted to proceed . i got tired of clicking yes around the 100 or so mark and decided to click no . when you click ' no ' , everything is undone ; there is no ' ignore all ' function so i had to sit through every prompt and got tired of it and decided that proceeding with 1000 files and answering yes would involve too much pain for me . i then selected a smaller group of files to have restored , only the ' my documents ' folder but ran into the same situation . eventually i ran a test on a small folder to have restored and still ran into the errors but pressed through . hardly any of the files were received error free and those that had issues were never restored . my guess is approximately 2 / 3 or 3 / 4 of my files were not restored and of course none that really mattered made it . i had the latest update applied to the program , so that should not be the cause . i would have done better to slick my entire hard drive without going through the backup process as i would have been at nearly the same place but without experiencing all the headaches , frustrations and an investment of hours , no days of my time . the program has been recently purchased by microsoft for inclusion in the vista os , i imagine . it will do well as a microsoft product , as it fails to deliver upon its promises 
camera neg 697.txt this is the first digital camera that i have owned . overall i am generally satisfied with the quality of the pictures it produces . however , there are a few things that , if i had known beforehand , would have prevented me from purchasing this camera . 1 ) camera is not plug-and-play ( even if they say it is ) . you have to install the kodak easyshare software to download pictures . this is a huge negative . in the future , i will only buy cameras that show up as removable storage drives when plugged into a computer . 2 ) video is stored in apple quicktime format ( *.mov ) . the is also a huge negative . the codecs for this format are not widely available for application integration . you have to download and use apple quicktime to view them . you can not view the videos in windows media player . it is also not compatible with some photo-album software . i would only buy cameras in the future that have an option to store video in a non-proprietary format . update : after review , i have found that winxp and vista plug-n-play with the camera when it is plugged into the usb port . it does not work on win2k . thanks for the comment that made me double-check 
software pos 586.txt this works fairly well for me . it easily downloads the capital gains from microsoft money , the interviews are fairly straightforward . however there are a few areas ( like foreign tax credit ) where it should be automated but isn't . but on the whole it does a nice job , they just need to improve it a little every year then it could be a 5 star item . 
music neg 21.txt i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain 
dvd pos 325.txt i did not have any of the original trilogy on dvd . i am happy to have the theatrical releases as i am not a fan of the se 's , particularly jedi . i was nervous due to bad reviews , but they look and sound great . if you like star wars and want the original releases i highly recommend these . if you already happily own the se 's or are feeling cheated or robbed in some way by repeated releases of the same movie , then do n't buy these . 
health pos 524.txt hi , i 'm not a " review " person , but when i read the existing reviews , i felt like doing this . i used this product for 2 months and i must tell you that it really works ! i 'm hispanic-black woman ( dominican ) with relaxed fine hair and my hair grows normally , but only neck-chin lenght , no further than that . with this product i achieved a maximum growth rate and now my hair is leaving behind the accustomed lenght . i bought again the product to see how longer it can grows ! ! ! i 've been completely sincere with you...i 'm not a staffer of this product company , i 'm a real and very happy user ! ! ! hope this comment will be helpful for other women . i have only one last thing to say : try it ! ! ! ! it worked for me. . 
dvd neg 256.txt i really tried to come to this movie with and open mind . i 'm a huge fan of jane austen and i thought the 1995 bbc miniseries actually came close to doing justice to her novel . still , i was looking foreward to seeing a new interpretation . unfortunately this one seemed to miss the point of the story . jane austen had a hilarious way of satarizing the social conventions and mores while being in their midst . this film ignores the social conventions altogether and therefore misses a great deal of austen 's humor . for example an unmarried man and woman would never greet each other in their pajamas . a man would never visit his fiancee while she was lying sick in bed in her nightgown . when these rules of propriety are ignored by the film , how are we supposed to understand or believe that it 's a big deal when lydia runs away with wickham ! ? another example is lady catherine . this is a woman who lives and dies by her snobbery and rigorous adherance to social conventions . yet in this film we see her barge into the bennet household in the middle of the night and wake lizzie up to ask a question that could easily waited until morning ( when lady catherine would n't have had to get her carriage driver out of bed to drive several miles in the dark - no streetlights remember - to the bennet household ) because no one adhere 's to societies rigorous , and for the most part arbitrary , rules , the movie misses the opportunies to subtly wink at the audience as it laughs at such things . another weakness lies in the casting . granted these actors had big shoes to fill . colin firth and jennifer ehle seemed to embody their characters in the 1995 miniseries , but as i said , there are other ways to interpret and play the characters . unforunately here everyone seems as if they 're reading lines with dramatic inflection - not acting . you can almost imagine keira knightly 's script having notes saying " insert spunkiness here " . while the scenery is lovely , the windswept cliff and farm images seem to recollect the tortured landscape of a bronte adaptation more than a manacured austen setting . overall this film comes off as one big missed opportunity 
health pos 146.txt i love the tingler ! each metal tip feels great . i personally like the copper version a little better than the silver version . it 's a little gentler and softer but i know some people find it too soft and like the silver version instead . before the tingler , sometimes i would use one end of my glasses ( the end that fits over the ear ) but of course my glasses are fragil and i would risk damaging them . it also feels really good on the back and actually all over , not just on the head 
health pos 398.txt this hair dryer is truly a professional , salon type dryer . many dryers are advertised as such , but this one lives up to that reputation . very sleek , beautiful coloring and easy to handle with turbo feature . this was a surprise ( turbo ) which i 'm enjoying , coupled with the smooth and strong drying . the sound is even pleasant , not too loud , and it works quickly . ( especially since i have very thick hair ) i would recommend this dryer as an excellent buy for the inexpensive price . aj in n 
books neg 109.txt though the concept of sharing real life problems experienced during pregnancy is a great one , the author is extremely biased toward hospital birth managed by obs . at one point , the author actually defends episiotomies.. . she seems to blindly accept every procedure her physician pushes upon her , and she looks at him as being responcible for the outcome of her birth . it was both infuriating and saddening . if you are looking for a book to make you laugh a little , this is cute . if you are looking for a book that might actually aid or assist you in making informed choices concerning your pregnancy or birth , this is not for you ! 
software neg 316.txt it 's just too complex compared to print shop 21 and as far as i can tell it has very few added features . ray gawronsk 
software pos 649.txt i bought a 3 user zone alarm suite for far less than zone alarm offered for a single user upgrade . it pays to shop around , and amazon is often where it all winds up 
software pos 968.txt i have been using omnipage for several years at my law office and found that the ocr with this version is impeccable . i frequently scan and ocr newspaper and magazine articles . they are multi-column and the magazine articles typically have graphics and tables or charts . when i convert them into word documents i seldom get any formating errors . in fact , because the ocr is so good i have set up a batch process to run at night to ocr all the day 's work so my computer resoiurces are n't being taxed when i am in the office working . way to go nuance 
health pos 342.txt definitely the best heating pad i 've ever experienced . i 'll never buy any other kind of heating pad again . this is by far the best and well worth the money . i love that it can set the temperature precisely and much higher than any other heating pads i 've ever seen ( that only have " high medium and low " settings , and usually the high and medium settings cause burns , or do n't get hot enough , or go from barely any heat to burning ! ) this heating pad 's lcd shows the actual temperature it 's at , which is great . and yes it feels very moist , but not like you 're getting dampness on your clothing . my only complaint is that it shuts off after 60 minutes . i could easily have this on all day : 
books pos 587.txt i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system . 
software neg 431.txt i purchased turbo tax after reading the reviews here...someone had mentioned a glitch , but someone else mentioned a work around . bottom line , if you can sit down with all your records and do the whole turbo tax from start to finish in one swoop , you 're fine . but if you need to start and stop while completing the schedule 2 business aspects of your tax return , get ready for a huge problem...it does n't let you back in ! i went to their website where they had both a work around , and a report that if you update your turbo tax ( very easy ) the glitch will be fixed . not so , it did nothing for me . then i tried the workarounds...i got back in once but the next time i tried to use the work around a few days later , it did not work . i ended up having to call an accountant 1 week before the 17th and thank goodness i was able to get an appointment . also , if you have a business and do n't understand some of the tax workings , like depreciation , it is very difficult to translate your former accountant 's previous year 's work into the new turbotax . it 's not set up that way , so you need to know what you 're doing . i have a college degree and a lot of stick-to-it-ness , but i could not figure out and be sure that i was entering things correctly . and then , it did n't matter anyway , as i could n't get in to change anything in the end . finally , make sure you save , save , save as you go ! while doing my turbo tax and having spent a couple of hours already , i logged into their website to get some support . when i " x " ed out of the internet page , it closed my turbotax screen that i 'd opened on my computer . guess what ? it was all lost and i had to start from the beginning . that was before i was even impacted by the " glitch " later . this program does not remind you to save when you close , or ask you if you want to save , so be sure and save all the time ! so , good luck to anyone who tries this . for me , it was a huge disappointment and i am returning it to amazon for a refund due to the glitch . i honestly do n't know how they can sell something with such an obvious problem . 
camera neg 618.txt i have many pet peaves about this camera . a ) the video showed untrue colors and came out rather dark- -- -do n't try to record indoors b ) did n't fit into my hand naturally and had to use two hands to navigate the menu and even the record button . not good c ) did n't start up fast enough- --i always missed the shot d ) the camera photos are n't of good quality e ) microphone not that great- --you could n't even hear people that were standing ten feet away from the camera . f ) if your laptop is over 3 years old , even if you 've got windows xp , do n't expect the software to be compatible . g ) the zoom lens zoomed to fast at the movement of my finger . i 'd lightly press the zoom button to one side and it zoomed too fast and it did the same for zooming out . i felt like i had to just manually zoom- -- -ie . walk up closer to the subject i honestly say stay away from the samsung 's and the sony 's are n't much better and they have a monopoly on the matching accessories , ie . only sony products are compatible with the camcorder . i finally bought a jvc and they are awesome- -- -the take more light in , better acoustical recording , better zoom function , quicker start up , and lighter . you can even buy the cheapest model ( which is pretty much what i 've got ) and the picture is great ! my parents commented on how they thought i must have a camera like the news reporters , as it 's the same quality 
dvd pos 106.txt before i rate the box set and the four movies i would like to give you a brief history of my life with these films . when i was really young i use to always ask my dad to rent tremors and we would all set and whatch it . but when i got a bit older and i could understand things better i became afraid and was scared of grabiods coming up from underneath are house and eating me . anyways after about two years i got the guts to whatch tremors 2 : after shocks . and afterwards i was agian afraid of grabiods and now shriekers attacking me . finally after about ten years of not watching them , me and my buddy travis got to talking about tremors and he asked me what grabiods where . so i dicided to draw him pictures of them and after a few days i ended up creating a tremors comic . so after becoming so involved with tremors again i decided to watch the first film again . and after it ended , i bought it off amazon and a week later i bought the third movie and then another week after that i bought the second . i had literly gone a 180 from fearing tremors so long ago to become a huge fan . and when the fourth finally came out i had my family , my friend travis and his brother hooked . now after being a huge fan and watching the four films over and over i can finally rate them . the original tremors is by far the best ; with it 's all star cast and great story line . the second best would have to be tremors 4 : the legend begins because it stays more true to the first and it shows how it all began . tremors 2 : after shocks would be third best since it stared earl and gummer and tremors 3 : back to prefection would have to be the worst since it 's story is weak , its short and it takes the evolution thing a bit far . overall this is a great pack of all four tremors movies and if i had n't boughten all of them aready i would buy this attack pack . ps. tremors 5 script has been finished and if tremors 4 sales enough they will make a fifth . and one more thing it would be awsome if universal would release tremors : the series on dvd . 
health neg 513.txt does not maintain water temp . splashes all over at the proper water level . rollers hurt . noisy . weak vibrations . i would n't want one for $5 
music pos 578.txt this album is essentially a fusion of great musical minds . the legendary khan payes more attention to making this a better experience for the western audiences of the sufi music by playing more with his ( brilliant ) vocal skills then with the lyrics . micheal brooks ' music stands out and enhances the experience further . this is not to say that the mainstream indo-paki audience wo n't enjoy this album ( this is one of my all time favs ) . it is fabulous background listening while doing work which may need focus - for those who need music to do such things.. . : ) for those who have been thinking of testing out sufi music , this is the place to start . this is a fine introduction to the great nfak and sufi music . 
music neg 761.txt i bought this because a few people had put it in their amazon lists . i just did n't like it at all . it is one of those albums where you play it , and you do n't take notice of it until the cd stops playing . it is very old and the music is simplistic . cool cover though 
music neg 712.txt i honestly feel that tesla reached the end here . after " psychotic supper " failed to get the label support that it desparately needed the group just fell apart . with this the whole metal scene was falling away anyhow as grunge was dying off after the death of kurt cobain , and here was tesla trying to make up it 's mind what way to go . with the opening track " the gate " it sounded like they were going to head back to the hair days of the 80 's , but then the next song " solution " they played like a lost and wandering band of the 90's . the rest of the songs just followed suit . the groups slogan is " no machines " , but there 's also another slogan at foot here , and that 's " no music direction " , and for some bands that 's possibly a workable concept as long as there 's an inkling of where the bands roots are . with tesla it 's all over the board where they would score a top 10 hit with an acoustic version of the song " signs " , which is a rock song , to where they do a cover here of joe south 's " games people play " . i feel that tesla failed to show thier influences here , and was just trying to make a living ; which is not a bad thing , but it pretty much kept them at a cult status . i pretty much had this album , but did n't listen to it at the time as i was trying to leave the secular music scene behind , and just move onto christianity , and i know the album lurked around in my head all this time , so i felt it was time to face it ; i feel that the album is below par for a group that can do some memorable songs , and to me it seems they wanted out of the label , and possibly away from each other . 
software neg 228.txt i was very disappointed with this program . but i was also thinking it would be more comprehensive and include more than just basic words and phrases . even so , the male and female guides in the program often pronounce the words slightly different which can be frustrating . i learned more icelandic ( along with correct pronounciations ) while in iceland than i did with this program . and besides , anyone under the age of 50 in iceland speaks english 
music neg 947.txt this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter . 
camera neg 621.txt the scd6550 is a great idea , but just does n't preform as i had hoped . i was looking for one camera to take on vacation , replacing carrying a 2 year old sony minidv and a 5 mp sony cybershot . my sony takes 1 mp stills , has excellent video , but @ 1mp , the stills are not nearly print worthy . this camera is actually smaller and lighter than my sony . the 5mp still camera function gave excellent results , both with flash and with natural light and outside . shot for shot it produced either as good or better prints ( 4x6 ) than the sony cybershot . digital video is this unit 's short coming . i did identical shots inside and outside with the sony and samsung . the samsung 's video quality was very poor , looked more like analog or standard 8mm quality . inside , with natural room lighting , it was pretty much unacceptable . outside , the shots lacked the crispiness of the sony . i took it back , will keep the sony 's and hope that sony comes out with a greater than 2 or 3 mp model soon 
camera neg 690.txt i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap 
books pos 175.txt music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole 
software pos 510.txt before buying quickbooks you should google : quickbooks 2007 simple start free starter edition . this free version never times out . you can immediately download 400m or get the cd with no shipping charge . the big limit in the free upgradeable version is you only get 20 total customers and vendors , so it is ideal for students and those with limited needs 
dvd neg 439.txt not a good copy of this great movie . i 'd wait and buy the & quot ; restored authorized edition . &quot ; even though i bought this version , i 've ordered the other . that 's how much i like metropolis is general 
dvd pos 877.txt in 1987 and 1988 , jim henson 's the storyteller aired and became an instant showpiece for television , a truimphant ( but short-lived ) series breathing fresh life into nine lesser-known northern european fairy tales and , later , into four timeless stories drawn from greek mythology . these old folk and fairy tales , mined from countries such as germany and russia and compiled in 2 discs here , along with the greek tales , are vigorously and appealingly narrated by two storytellers : john hurt for the european fables and michael gambon for the greek re-tellings . but , with much respect to mr. gambon , who himself does a fine job , it is john hurt who decidedly draws my attention . hurt , with the more eye-catching portrayal , is ideal as he inhabits his storytelling character with a gleeful and quirky charm and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes . it does n't hurt that the stories featuring hurt as the host boast clever and sensitive screenplays written by anthony minghella , who , nearly a decade later , would win an oscar for directing the english patient . as such , jim henson 's the storyteller gloriously lives up to its titular billing . john hurt 's performance sparkles with his enchanting delivery as , propelled by his captivating voice and effectively off-kilter mannerisms and abetted by heavy make-up , he evokes a rich verbal miasma which sucks the listener in to his stories . minghella 's screenplays are replete with rich , witty wordplay and evocative descriptives that indeed recall to mind the classic fairy tales with which we grew up . the kids , of course , wo n't have that frame of reference , but , still , watching these episodes , it really does feel as if you 're sitting around the fire , enraptured at the feet of a master spinner of yarns . michael gambon , on the other hand , is burdened with the weightier and grimmer greek tales . thus , he eschews john hurt 's light , ebullient touch , opting instead to display a more proper and somber persona . he 's pretty good , mind you , but , in the final analysis , he ends up lacking a bit of something when compared to john hurt . both hurt and gambon , by the way , are accompanied by the same mangy talking dog ( as operated by brian henson ) . at a half hour per episode , jim henson 's the storyteller is presented in a marriage of live acting , creative animatronics , and surreal and stylishly vivid imagery . jim henson and his crew do a marvelous job with the production values , coming up with excellent special effects ( for its time ) , seamless puppetry , matte paintings , and yeoman make-up work , all to plant the viewer firmly in their fantasy setting . a charming quirk of the series , which adds a nice touch , is the interesting ways the folk tale would continue to make its presence felt during the occasional interludes with the storyteller and his dog . the camera would cut away from the story and focus on our host by the fireplace , but , somewhere in the background , whether it 's on a painting in the back or on the surface of a display jar or cup , images depicting the story are set in motion . pretty neat . the stories themselves are more mature and darker in essence than any kid 's fable we 're used to over here , especially the greek entries , and several carry melancholy and bittersweet overtones ( " the soldier and death , " " the heartless giant " ) . but do n't keep the kids from watching this series ; everyone should get a chance to fall under the spell and feel the power of stories . it does help that most of these tales are little known in the states , thereby giving the viewer a chance to enjoy the unfolding of a fresh story and be actually startled here and there . when was the last time cinderella or beauty and the beast , timeless as they are , offer up anything new ? this is just about as perfect as television shows can get ; the only flaw i can come up with lies in the dvd set as it comes with no special features whatsoever . all the episodes are superb , but if i had to pick the best of the pack , i would definitely go with " hans my hedgehog , " " the soldier and death " and " the three ravens . " with several recognizable name actors lending their talents to this series , jim henson 's the storyteller : the definitive collection truly is a must have dvd set . ************************************************************************** spoilers follow . the nine european fables : " hans my hedgehog " - from an early german folk tale : a barren peasant woman , desperately craving a child , naively says aloud that if she had a baby , she would n't care what it looks like . soon enough , she gives birth to a baby who resembles a hedgehog , much to the father 's dismay and the scorn of the villagers . " fearnot " - from an early german folk tale : a carefree , absent-minded boy who never scares goes on a strange journey to learn fear . though still very good , this may be the weakest episode of the lot . gabrielle anwar has a tiny nonspeaking role . " a story short " - from an early celtic folk tale : the storyteller himself is in the spotlight as he narrates the time he was caught making a fool of the royal cook and , as punishment meted out by the king , must tell one story a day for a year . all goes well until the very last day when the storyteller suffers from storyteller 's block . brenda blethyn has a part . " the luck child " - from an early russian folk tale : seeking to avert a prophecy which foretells of a seventh son of a seventh son of someday supplanting the current king , the unscrupulous monarch seeks out this luck child and attempts to do away with him . but those blessed with luck cannot be undone...and the same could be said for prophecies . the soldier & death " - from an early russian folk tale , this is an awesome story . because of kind acts towards three beggars , an honest soldier returning from war is given a magical sack , a deck of cards , and a nice whistle , which he uses to save a kingdom and to foil death . " the true bride " - from an early german folk tale . shades of aslan ! a white lion comes to the aid of a girl ( jane horrocks , little voice ) being held under the cruel care of a troll . co-starring sean bean . " the three ravens " - from an early german folk tale : a wicked witch ( miranda richardson ) weds a widowed king ( jonathan pryce ) and then , recognizing that the king 's three sons and daughter pose a threat to her ambition , transforms the three sons into ravens . but the princess ( joely richardson ) escapes and is told by her brothers that , unless she remains speechless for three years , three months , and three days , they 'll be trapped in their raven forms forever . " sapsorrow " - from an early german folk tale : this is a variant on cinderella ( or is it the other way around ? ) as a beautiful princess ( the unimpressive alison doody ) , seeking to escape an arranged marriage , flees to a distant kingdom and disguises herself as a loathsome hag . but , then , she falls in love with the prince...co-starring jennifer saunders . " the heartless giant " - from an early german folk tale : on the whole , giants are benign creatures , harmless to none , unless , of course , the giant has n't a heart . this story is about a curious prince who is fooled into freeing one such heartless giant from the king 's dungeon.. . the greek myths : " daedalus and icarus " - the inventor daedalus and his son icarus flee from the wicked king minos with the aid of daedalus 's man-made wings , but will icarus heed his father 's advice ? i 'm guessing , not . " orpheus and eurydice " - the musician orpheus descends to hades to bring back his dead wife . " perseus and the gorgon " - the hero perseus faces the gorgon , medusa . " theseus and the minotaur " - it 's theseus , with some help from a beautiful princess , versus the savage minotaur , half-man , half-bull . 
camera neg 827.txt i am a novice photographer , so take this with a grain of salt.. . i just bought this kit and it included no instructions and lots of components . i suppose if you are accustomed to using these kits , putting them together must seem self-explanatory . if you are new to these kits you will find it frustrating . it is also frustrating to discover smith victor does not have a support site ( just references on photography ) . they do not even provide a support # or address . keep all this in mind when considering something from this company 
camera neg 19.txt i agree with the previous review . the deluxe blower brush just left more dirt in the camera because the hair of the brush is falling out 
health pos 977.txt this is a good massager that can hone in on the pressure points . the knob is a little large for getting at specific reflex spots , but generally does the job 
music neg 501.txt well i 'll explain that later . she uses her own vocals . she does n't even have the balls to let the artists who rework the song use their own vocals.i love how the editoral review uses the term " unique vocal talent " . yoko has no vocal talents . i must also point out i am courtney love 's number one fan , so this should give me even more cred . it just proves how narcissistic and disgusting yoko is that she wo n't let other artists do an album using their own vox . she loves the sound of her own too much ! i already went through that stage where i made everyone listen her as a joke . i was about 14 then . my point here , this is n't even a good joke . its just dumb . i listened to the song clips provided on amazon . even that was too much . if you must , just download this album for free . do not buy it . do not in any way support this woman . i wish there was a zero star rating . 
music pos 455.txt the performances for every sonata and every partita are wonderful . this is the kind of material one can expect from deutsche grammophon . wonderful music , a wonderful violinist , wonderful interpretations , and wonderful sound ( not just for its time ) . there are also very few " squeaks " and he is almost always right on pitch ! often called definitive , this is the one to get . highly recommended 
health pos 425.txt it works so great . i broke my left wrist and was in a cast for nine weeks . i will be using the stand after i can use my left wrist . it is very sturdy and adjust to different hights 
music pos 106.txt i have been a barry manilow fan since i was a teenager . i have never been disappointed with any of his work and this cd is no exception ! he is such a brilliant arranger and the remix of these classics is fabulous ! his voice is as good as ever ! even my 7 year old begs to listen to the cd everytime we get in the car and she can sing all the words ! 
dvd neg 494.txt belushi 's crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite monty python 's michael palin as the manly captain ned in the miles cowperthwaite skits . they are both absent from this dvd nor on any snl video i can find . 
dvd pos 212.txt we started with " there goes a dump truck " which actually features a different " dave . " this first dave was in the dumptruck , tractor and farm truck versions - maybe a few others - and is pretty unbearable for parents as far as how silly he is . the newer dave ( dave hood ) is in all the rest ( along with his sidekick , becky , in some ) and is much less goofy than the other dave . i do n't think the kids really care though...the sillier the better and my son loves them both . anyway , i started with the dumptruck one when my son was almost 2 and he was immediately glued to the tv . i do n't let him watch cartoons and try to limit overall tv to things that are at least somewhat informative / educational . as a result , he was never one to sit and watch much tv ( made it hard for me to get things done ! ) . but , with this series , he enjoyed watching the real live machines and vehicles ( and some of the more goofy moments ) so much . it really was a lifesaver at times . needless to say it did n't take long for me to collect the entire series . i have watched them along with him and learned quite a bit about different occupations . my in-laws were farmers and really enjoyed watching the " tractor " and " farm truck " versions with him . his favorites include " there goes a firetruck , " " there goes a monster truck " and " there goes a spaceship . " but , he literally rotates through all of them and has over the past year plus ! i ca n't say enough good things about the video series as far as my son 's enjoyment goes . just do n't look for any oscars for the acting and editing . it 's pretty choppy , even for an amateur eye . i would highly recommend any in this series if your child likes any type of machine or vehicle . 
camera pos 940.txt i 've had other 3 digital cameras and this is the best i think , i shots very quick , flash is brighty , and even soft flash for more natural shots . can browse pictures very fast and is has a lot of posibilities to edit inside the camera , is light tiny and slim . one of the best cameras . i do n't find a negative feature on it . i love it 
books neg 42.txt though this book does present all the necessary information for learning about abnormal psychology , it 's the dryest , most aesthetically difficult to read textbook.. . especially if you happen to be studying the material online / through independent study . the publisher needs to redesign the book and / or you need to have a better online course professor . it feels nearly impossible to be interested in this material ( which is interesting in itself ) if you have to read the textbook front to back on your own without any instruction . 
health neg 842.txt as others experienced , both packs each had two dead batteries in them . i am even using the juice family charger , so it is n't a brand problem . the packaging was a little beat up as well as if they were sitting around for a long time . sort of dirty . also purchased d batteries as well and that packaging was worse . hard to knock the fact they are made in china because let 's admit it , pretty much everything you buy is made in china . the problem is the poor quality control from the company juice battery themselves . these are actually ok batteries if they work , but not worth the price especially when taking the chance on whether they will arrive beat up or doa . even though still most likely made in china , stick to the main well-known brands insread of this junk 
camera pos 171.txt 2 years of heavy use - not even one little bitty problem . they 've traveled well under harsh conditions , and they still function wonderfully . there you go 
camera pos 652.txt i owned a kodak for awhile and was pleased with the pictures however , my husband accidently fell while ice skating and broke my camera . my family , knowing i love to take pictures , decided to replace my camera , but this time with a sony cybershot . i have never been more unhappy with a camera . needless to say , i finally decided to purchase this kodak z650 and am so pleased with the results and pictures . i am not a professional photographer , just someone who likes to take photos of my kids , pets , flowers , vacation spots , etc. my sony was horrible at action shots and if you had any movement what so ever , the photo appeared blurry . having kids , that is n't an option . i gave that camera to my daughter to do whatever she wanted with it . the kodak , however does a wonderful job of action shots as well as clear , crisp and concise pictures . i absolutely love this camera ! i will never go back to another brand and have only good things to say about kodak and their products 
dvd pos 227.txt audrey , without givenchy , and only a portion of her face visible , few lines and much conflict gives one of the great performances . the depth of the movie , the richness , amount to a great piece of art . certainly , the movie is not " fun , " but it attests to a time when a movie about the struggle with faith could be a blockbuster 
health pos 979.txt today is 3-19-07. this item is labeled as being purchased on 3-21-07. will i purchase another order on that date 
software pos 382.txt if you have a mac , and are having difficulties with this dvd , here are some tips . are you opening it with preview ? if you just click on the icon on the disk , it will open in preview.. . but this will not work properly . you must use adobe reader to see the pages without the watermark . install adobe reader from the dvd . make an alias of adobe reader and put it in the dock . click and open the dvd icon . click and open the decade folder . do n't open the year folder.. . click and drag the pdf icon , ( such as ff_1960.pdf.. . i have the fantastic four dvd , so substitute whatever is appropriate ) , onto the reader alias in the dock to open . click on year . click on month . click on the magnifing glass icon to zoom to any size . i hope this is helpful 
music pos 178.txt i purchased this cd during the lowest time of my life emotionally . every track brought solace and comfort beyond belief , especially the title track , deep peace . i would listen to it over and over , bathing in the lush healing sounds . each element , from the perfectly balanced vocals to the simple piano and violin motifs , is seemingly structured at a spiritual level . this is more than ambient music , it 's true music therapy . 
music neg 457.txt of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot 
software pos 74.txt this program does exactly as i expect . i am very pleased 
software neg 214.txt ok ! being the richest human being on the planet called earth , bill gates decided that he 's not wealthy enough . so he released this microsoft office 2003 , which i really think is not much different from previous edition . the price is , as usual , very expensive . what 's worse is that bill gates decided all the pre-installed windows in new laptops and desktops come with the trial version . so mere mortals like us need to spend extra big money buying the full version to simply do some basic documents . i can see bill gates , being a deified bloodsucker , using $100 dollar bills as toilet paper , and laughing at us who work their butt off just to make enough money to live . so shame on you bill gates and microsoft 
music neg 145.txt hey , that just goes without being said . all of their live albums suck because they suck . go creed ! i ca n't wait for scott stapp 's solo album ! awesome , baby 
music pos 91.txt i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great 
books neg 970.txt the best thing about this book is its table of contents . in second place is the preface . and then it 's all downhill . if you want to buy a list of topics in electronic communications , with brief summaries that explain absolutely nothing whatsover in any great ( or even little ) detail , and you really have no other use for your hard earned $100.00+ dollars , then please go ahead and buy this book . if however , you value your cash , and would rather buy a book that rather than insulting your intelligence , at least attempts in good faith to teach you something , then please , do n't fall for the marketing ploy of the title " rf microelectronics " . because there 's very little " rf " and even less " microelctronics " in this text . here 's a taste of the marketing ploy from the very first line of the preface : " the annual worldwide sales of cellular phones has exceeded $2.5b . " do i see dollar signs in your eyes ? i thought so . do n't fall for the trap . if you want to learn a thing or two about rf electronics theory as well as detailed explanations of what the job of each individual component ( like a capacitor here or a resistor there ) in a communication circuit is , then buy : modern electronic communication ( 9th edition ) by gary m. miller . the miller book 's 9th edition is coming out soon . even with 992 pages of text , it costs only $60.00. i believe razavi 's book should never have been published because frankly , it 's not a book at all . why it 's still in print ( though stuck at first edition for nearly 10 years ) , is completely beyond any sane person 's comprehension 
music pos 739.txt no other compilation of garland 's work exemplifies her genius and versatility than this astounding compilation that shows why she was the entertainment phenomenon that took the world by storm . all her original soundtrack performances are here , sounding magnificent . far superior to thin-sounding studio re-creations , this is the real deal , assembled with obvious skill , intelligence and dedication to the talented legend . in a sense , this should be the " soundtrack album " for that magnificent documentary about her that pbs produced a while back . do n't pass this up 
health neg 395.txt the elastic part is tape and my husband accidetly stuck it to our daughters legs . when i changed her diapr next she screamed because the tape was on her leg not the diaper . this could happen to anyone , nd i 'm sure it 's not good for a new baby 's skin 
dvd neg 399.txt i just finished watching das boot . to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous . where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war , u-571 is just more hollywood tripe . if you just want ' splosions and escapism , i guess u-571 does the trick . if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come , go with das boot 
health neg 154.txt this is not one of the best hair dryers i 've had . at best , it 's average . the nozzle is too long , and the concentrator attachment is fixed at horizontal . i like attachments that can rotate so that i can change the angle to reach different parts of my hair . the ionic feature makes no difference to the length of drying time or texture of my hair . after using this hair dryer for 1 yr and 3 mths ( about 3x a week ) , the switch for heat settings is now loose . the dryer only blows cool air even though i slide the switch for higher temperatures . my rating has gone from average to below average 
music neg 539.txt i do n't know who these people are , but they will give praise for anything ! ms. london is a wonderful singer , but the producers must have given her sleeping pills . this is a boring cd ! like peggi blu , who won star search , her record company " toned her down " for her debut album , with banal and boring songs with that stupid hip / hop " dum de dum " mary j . blige beat , which will send you to nowheresville . aretha franklin 's boring so damn happy was so awful , it 's no longer available . she went " mary j . " and almost lost the crown off her head . because she 's aretha franklin ( queen of soul ) she did manage ( somehow ) to get a non-deserved grammy for " wonderful " from that cd . the grammys also presented the queen with her 17th competitive grammy for her " a house is not a home " mess . what must they be thinking ? well , latoya london wo n't be considered for anything for this hip / hop mess . she should get serious about some r & b ( i mean the real r & b ) and leave this light-weight fluff alone . latoya , you have a great voice - - use it . contact sam dees , jo armstead or ashford & simpson and beg for some material ! and , as madame rose would say , " sing out , louise ! ! ! 
books pos 230.txt dr. temperance brennan , a forensic anthropologist , is called upon to aid in the investigation of a commercial jet crash in the mountains of north carolina . andrew ryan , a colleague and romantic possible , turns up on site also when his partner in the quebec police is listed on the flight manifest . when temperance discovers a foot that does not seem to come from the disaster site , things begin to get dangerous for her and those around her . it becomes a clue in a deadly mystery involving many highly placed individuals who want their secret to remain just that , a secret . temperance and ryan spark reactions from each other , the question is , will it ignite or just smolder ? ? this novel is full of forensic science and detail that open the door to a fascinating yet gruesome world . kathy reichs has an afterword page in which she talks about 9 / 11 and the real disaster site in nyc where she aided in determining the identities of victims from the twin towers , serving on the government disaster response team , much like temperance in this novel.......although she says the horror and emotional impact was more than she could have imagined . the novel was written and published 2 months before the real disaster occurred 
dvd neg 747.txt this might be the perfect flick for a fourteen year-old who aspires to be a mass murderer . there is little to recommend it apart from the technical perfection of some of the cinematography and the staging of the scenes of mass destruction of people and property . even these scenes have none of the balletic grace of tarantino 's " kill bill " films , his salute to the genre , or " reservoir dogs , " which has a mystery at its core and some fine acting and dialogue that temper the violence . " bullet ... " is little more than two hours of broken glass , fire , blood squirts , amputation , beatings and explosions . this makes gladiator look like a sunday school picnic . the characters are totally flat , one-dimensional . there is virtually no plot aside from excuses generated to wreak havoc . the acting is weak , static , despite the fact that i do n't understand a word of cantonese . we are presented with a series of stereotypes ( the hooker with a heart of gold , the good friend , the crazy friend and the bad friend ) . unfortunately the american stereotype of the viet cong as madmen - - and saigon as hopelessly corrupt - - is reiterated here to the detriment of any understanding of viet nam during the american occupation . the worst thing is that - - because they are so shallow and undeveloped - - you do n't care what happens to the characters . so i 'll tell you and then you wo n't have to finish watching the film : they kill each other . my advice- - skip it 
camera neg 118.txt i do video work and was attracted to the sale price and extra height of this particular tripod . come to find out , this model does not have a fluid head , meaning , if you do any panning with a camcorder , it wo n't be as smooth as you 'd probably like it to be . also , at the end of a pan the head tends to " unwind , " causing your panned image to back up a little ways . thus , i think it 's rather misleading to label this as a " photo / video " tripod . additionally , i do n't really care for the cheap feel of some of the plastic knobs and adjusters . finally , mine came with a few , very minor cosmetic blemishes , almost as if it were used . instead of video , i 'll be utilizing this one as a microphone mount . if you want to do video , please buy a tripod with a fluid head . you 'll love it , i guarantee that . that 's why i give this one 2 stars 
health neg 374.txt although i am definitely on the ' sonicare ' bandwagon in so far as this product 's ability to clean my teeth- -it does a great job- -this model brush is made quite poorly . the battery compartment ( the e3000 uses ' aa ' batteries ) on mine , regardless of it having an o-ring on the door , seems to be continually wet inside , with the negative ( - ) terminal on one of the aa-cells rusting after only two weeks use . philips acknowledges this is a problem but offers no solution . also , there are many small crevices in / around the nameplate on the side , and a large gap under the nut for the brush-head that accumulates ' gook ' on a daily basis . philips advises that this is probably ' mold ' and the brush should be ' disassembled and air-dried ' after every use . it takes longer to do this than to brush my teeth- - again , while this is probably one of the best ways to clean your teeth at this point in time , and an economical way to try one of the products that normally start out at $64e ( and up ) , there is no reason why the e3000 should n't be made as well as the better units , or hold up to water / daily use as well as some of the $9 crest electrics we commonly see 
dvd pos 418.txt this film is a must-see for any dancer . the clips used to showcase different types of dancing in film are creatively woven together and the commentary is very informative . many famous scenes from the old mgm musicals to the water spray scene in flashdance are used to illustrate how diversified dancing in films can be . for ballet dancers , there is a portion devoted solely to ballet in films which is hosted by mikhail baryshnikov . scenes of rudolph nureyev leaping through the air compliment this section as well as scenes from various ballets . liza minelli hosts the broadway inspirational portion which is shorter in length . i only saw this film once but i feel that it is a must-own selection for any dancer 
camera neg 713.txt i bought this battery in july 2004. i charged it as soon as i got it . i put it in the camera and then used the camera about 10 days later . the battery was dead . so i charged it again and put it in the camera again . i used it and it seemed to work fine . but the next time i went to use the camera ( approximately 2 weeks to a month later . ) it was dead again . as i write this review i am sitting in a hotel room in prague . i charged the battery ten days ago . i used it once 7 days ago and took approximately 15 to 20 pictures ( did not use the flash ) . i then used it again today . i was able to get another 15 to 20 pictures before it went dead ( did not use the flash ) . i bought the lithium rechargeable battery because they have the longest life and no memory . so now i have to charge the battery everytime i use the camera . this was a big disappointment . i get better life out of the standard duracell alkalines . it appears that this technology has n't been perfected or that belkin has not perfected their quality control . beware when buying this product 
books neg 943.txt i seem to be in the minority , but i did not enjoy this book at all . the main character is , of course , the " only female to ever survive becoming a werewolf " but this was only the start of her amazing speshulness . i felt the plot got swallowed up by the author 's need to self-insert and ' play ' in her world , and the only reason i finished this book was that i was on a plane and had nothing else to do . the plot fishtails several times , and is n't all that interesting to start with . in short , i was left with a bad taste in my mouth concerning the author in general , and will likely skip her books in the future 
music neg 135.txt i love south music like three 6 , lil jon , master p , but this is a disgrace to every rapper alive and dead . man jd is just signing anyone these dayz to make money cuz he ca n't get no one wit talent . every song on here sounds like it was hurried up . fu*k so so de and fu*k dem franchize boyz they make me sick . 
health pos 745.txt they had one of these mirrors in a 5 star hotel that my husband and i stayed at and i fell in love with it ! i had to have one of my own and thanks to amazon i was able to find one . this is an excellent product . my husband installed it easily and i would never be without one again . one side is magnified and my eyebrows have never looked so good , lol , and eyelining is a breeze . though he would never admit it , my husband uses also ( trimming mustash , nose hairs ( eewww ) , shaving , etc. ) great product . order one . you will not be dissapointed ! 
music pos 804.txt now i know what you 're thinking , why are there two releases of " xx " ? well after they switched from eclipse to universal records they re-released the album " xx " but they also re-recorded all the songs with less hard core vocals ( big mistake ! ) the original album is by far much better than the universal release in december of 2001. if you 're not sure which one to go with go with this one ! 
software neg 309.txt i had to work with a pc and windows because of my profession......architect. . my firms have always used architectural desktop . unfortunately , it only is compatible with a pc . now ! ! finally i purchased an exquisite imac. . and when need be , i can run architectural desktop on it in windows to get a few things done. . apple vs pc ? no comparison... . and my imac is so sexy it makes me smile. . so kill me . 
music pos 961.txt i just purchased this album , my first misfits album and every song on it rocks ( i especially like where eagles dare ) . i just bought two more albums , walk among us and static age and i wish they would hurry up and get here in the mail because i cant wait . my only complain is the sound quality . it sounds like they put a dollar store tape recorder in the corner and started rocking...but i guess that makes it sound more real too . metallica covered a couple of their albums on their garage album but it just isnt the same . 
books neg 94.txt way too much unusable information . i kept waking up throughout the book , hoping to get to the parts about day-trading i could put into practice . ( it never happened 
books pos 323.txt addressing as it does issues of cognition , language usage and acquisition , evolutionary biology and innate versus learned behavior , this work is relevant to many of the great intellectual debates of our time . it is very readable for the most part , although if some of the topics are new to you then you will find a few sections rather heavy going . more illustrations would have helped here . there are syntax structure diagrams and one very grudging , cursory sketch of the language centers of the brain , but many sections cry out for a diagram among all the verbiage . pinker 's lively , humorous style is often commented on but i sometimes found it wearing . he will illustrate a point with an amusing newspaper cutting , then list a few more , then add " i could not resist some more.. . " and so on . i sometimes wished he would just get on with it . a major problem with his nativist approach , which other reviewers have commented on , is that many examples he lists of usages that english speakers would never employ are nothing of the kind . most of them are conceivable and since the first publication of this book , linguists have been busy recording them in the field . the thesis also becomes somewhat unraveled in the penultimate chapter , where he argues that ' you and i ' and ' you and me ' are equally correct in all circumstances , because ' the pronoun is free to have any case it wants' . but if this is so then what has become of the innate awareness of correct usage that the whole theory is about ? if ' between you and i ' sounds instinctively wrong to me and ' between you and me ' sounds instinctively wrong to someone else , does that mean one of us has a mutant grammar gene ? i doubt it . the title itself is problematic . ' instinct ' is not a word much in favor among biologists nowadays and whatever language is , it is certainly not instinctive in the traditional sense . early in the book , pinker admits as much , but determines to use the word anyway , a use that owes more to marketing than to science . still , this is probably the best introductory linguistics text currently available . if you are new to linguistics , start here rather than with chomsky , but please go on to read geoffrey sampson 's work , perhaps starting with his website , to get an alternative view . as with most academic disputes , the answer no doubt lies somewhere in the middle . since chomsky 's early work , the nativists have toned down their claims considerably , while their opponents have made concessions . on page 34 of this book , pinker says , " no one has yet located a language organ or a grammar gene , but the search is on . " more than a decade later , the search is still on . good luck with that . 
camera neg 960.txt i purchased 2 of these cameras and both of them came with a usb charging cradle that would not work . this is terrible , terrible quality control and i will never trust another casio product . 
camera neg 267.txt i purchased this camera right before we had our first child . needless to say , i would have rather donated the money to charity ! the flash recovery time is ridiculously slow , but that i can live with . the 4 out of every 5 pictures that come out blurry , i can not . now i have a photo album of blurry baby pictures that we can reflect on . needless to say i think we will try a different brand when we purchase our next camera 
books neg 800.txt the professionals in the law field in this book are n't the type of lawyer or law professional most people want to become . i understand not everyone becomes a six-figure-paid lawyer right out of law school , but this book is ridiculous . it shadows a guy who wants to only be a law clerk ? give me a break 
books pos 974.txt i have always been a fan of the star wars saga but never really read any of the novels . this was my first sw novel . i must say i want to be a sith . i just finished this novel last night and honestly want a 2nd coming . if u read the epilogue of this book u will grind your teeth ! the storyline at first felt familiar but then radically changed but had the sw ripple effects . i however got more excited because i played kotor / ep3 the game / kotor 2 and jedi academy so allot of the visuals and things in the book were already visualized for me in those games . i loved the entire transformation and how gradually even the sith were headed like the jedi in ep3. it an amazing story and ca n't wait to a sequel if any . 
books pos 26.txt great story ! ! excellent in fact . my beef is with the narrator and editor : as someone who grew up in the baltimore area , i thoroughly enjoyed the local references . however , it is frustrating to hear the narrator mispronounce baltimore icons , like boog 's bbq at camden yards . for the record , it is not pronounced bow-g ! it is boo-g.. . do better research ! ! 
health neg 167.txt this morning i spilled coffee on my " million dollar " white dress shirt . it left me with three large coffer stains . i remembered that i had my tide to go in the car . after drenching the stains with the solution and rubbing them per the directions , most of the coffee stains had disappeared....what remained , however , were large coffee colored rings at the edges of where the solution had spread . so , most of the coffee stain was gone , but i 'm left with the unsightly rings...not quite as noticeable , but there 're still there . 
music pos 266.txt i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . cornelius and dj me dj you are brilliant 
music neg 306.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
health neg 967.txt this thing messed up my back . it is extremely uncomfortable and i ca n't see anyone liking the feel of it . furthuremore it smells terrible . do not buy this product - you will regret it . ( shipping was n't bad 
books neg 12.txt how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest ? one answer : write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases . another : strive to break the record for most clich ? s in a single paragraph . finally : write about events in 1906 as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences - - thus , everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon . simon and the raccoons ; simon on the failing american economy ; simon attempting to reproduce american accents . this is a cd set for avoiding 
health neg 124.txt i bought this item and returned it after it stopped working after two days . the massages were not that strong and i feel it was not a good buy even though the price at amazon was way lower than most places . i have since bought another product and it is much nicer 
music neg 253.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
camera pos 466.txt i bought my k10d in dec 06 after owning a number of pentax cameras over the years and being very pleased with the engineering . the combination of features , if executed properly , make this camera the best buy in 10mp dslrs right now . i postponed my review because i wanted to get some real field experience . i just went to mexico , and panicked because i left the camera instruction manual behind . i can now report on that trip . i did a little fumbling at first , mainly because i did n't have the manual , but i was soon able to find the combinations i wanted , and the camera performed both flexibly and intuitively . the af button and the exposure compensation button are very well placed . i found myself in difficult lighting situations often , and both af and exposure metering worked quite well . i also took some hand-held shots that i normally would use a tripod with ( such as at 450mm ) , and very few came out fuzzy because of camera movement . in a few cases , i used bracketing , and was easily able to obtain a good balance of details in one or more of the bracketed shots . exposure metering worked so well that i stopped bracketing . i particularly liked the display modes : i could boost the brightness to see the display even in bright daylight , and deep zooming gave me a good check of whether a shot was " soft " or not right at the scene . the rechargeable li ion batteries , although not readily available in stores , seem to last forever ( even using power zoom , and full-bright display , and some fill flash ) . i believe that i could have shot all week ( 700 shots in raw ( dng ) + jpeg ) with the battery grip attached . in summary , this camera was a pleasure to hold , very easy to use and manipulate , and resulted in a high percentage of crisp photos ( even if the percentage of well-composed shots was lower because of the photographer ) . i bought it because of its compatibility with pentax lenses , 10mp sensor , shake-reduction technology , larger display , and especially the dust and water seals . but what makes me quite happy about it is its overall ease of use and good results . i am still discovering its features , but i already know that this camera frees me to be creative in ways that other cameras have not in the past . some of the features on this camera are unique ( new program lines ) and some are available only on cameras costing several hundred dollars more , making the k10d a good choice and a best buy . once again for pentax , the engineering is supurb . 
health pos 205.txt i am very satisfied with my purchase of the wooden foot roller massager . it gives you a relaxed feeling for sore and tired feet.i discoverd that if you turn it on the other side , you can also use it on your arms and legs by holding it 
dvd neg 223.txt those of you who remember ryan starr from american idol know why she quickly became " has been " material for vh1 's the surreal life . ryan starr also happens to be the worst actress i have ever watched on film , television and or commercials . the director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time . her dialogue is kept short and simple , and when she does have more than 3 lines at once , the complete lack of feeling , expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile , like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails . that is all i can say , i would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again 
camera neg 215.txt the camera case only works if you wear a belt- - there is no clip on . the case itself holds only the camera , not even space for a spare battery or memory card . ( i 've heard the case will darken your camera , but i did n't end up using the case ) . the neck strap is not useful , it 's too long . at ' 34 inches , if you 're not careful you could swing your camera into something and break it . ( the canon camera rocks , however . 
health pos 484.txt i received one of these towels as a gift several years ago . it was , by far , one of the best gifts i have ever received ! it soaks all of the water out of your hair and leaves it perfect for blow drying . for women , this is a five star gift 
music neg 693.txt when i played the first composition on this cd , i started thinking that perhaps i had purchased a really stellar cd because the first song was really jumping . but after that , this cd is disapointing to me . there are maybe three pretty good compositions with the rest being totally unmemorable . with the three good cuts from this disc and a few from her first cd , joyce cooling could have made one good cd . but , in my opinion , there are n't enough good songs here to warrant a release of this cd . joyce certainly has potential , but she needs to work on her creativity . she sound here like an artist still maturing in style 
dvd pos 755.txt rko radio pictures present " born to kill " ( 1947 ) ( 92 mins / b&w ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) - - - starring claire trevor , lawrence tierney , walter slezak , audrey long & phillip terry - - - directed by robert wise and released in may 3 , 1947 , our story line and film , uncompromising film noir which sees psychopath tierney marry wealthy girl long , only to feel more in common with the black sheep of the family , his wife 's sister ( trevor ) . deliciously dark and directed with enthusiasm by wise before he 'd made it big , born to kill is a genuine oddity which explores the dark side of sexuality without moralizing , with the bonus of a cracking murder plot to add some spice . tierney pitches his performance just right ... the film sits well with all those minor noir classics the late 40 's and early 50 's with apparent ease : wise 's own " the set-up " ; anthony mann 's " raw deal " and the " t-men " , " kiss of death " , and ray 's masterly debut , " they live by night " . under robert wise ( director ) , herman schlom ( producer ) , eve greene ( screenwriter ) , james gunn ( book author ) , richard macaulay ( screenwriter ) , robert de grasse ( cinematographer ) , constantin bakaleinikoff ( musical direction / supervision ) , paul sawtell ( composer ( music score ) , les millbrook ( editor ) , albert s . d'agostino ( art director ) , walter e . keller ( art director ) , sid rogell ( executive producer ) , darrell silvera ( set designer ) , john sturtevant ( set designer ) , edward stevenson ( costume designer ) , russell a . cully ( special effects ) - - - - the cast includes lawrence tierney ( sam wild ) , claire trevor ( helen trent ) , walter slezak ( arnold amett ) , phillip terry ( fred grover ) , audrey long ( georgia staples ) , elisha cook , jr. ( marty waterman ) , isabel jewell ( laury palmer ) , esther howard ( mrs. kraft ) , kathryn card ( grace ) , tony barrett ( danny ) , grandon rhodes ( inspector wilson ) , jason robards , sr. ( conductor ) , netta packer ( mrs perth ) , sammy shack ( crap dealer ) , philip warren ( chauffeur ) , tommy noonan ( bellboy ) , napoleon whiting ( porter ) , ruth brennan ( sally ) , sayre dearing ( crap dealer ) , jean fenwick ( margaret macy ) , lee frederick ( desk clerk ) , ellen corby ( 2nd maid ) , demetrius alexis ( maitre d'hotel ) , al murphy ( cab driver ) , sam lufkin ( crap dealer ) , beatrice maude ( cook ) , ben frommer ( delivery boy ) , perc launders ( detective bryson ) , martha hyer ( maid ) - - - - - film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe hollywood crime dramas that set their protagonists in a world perceived as inherently corrupt and unsympathetic...hollywood 's classic film noir period is generally regarded as stretching from the early 1940s to the late 1950s...film noir of this era is associated with a low-key black-and-white visual style that has roots in german expressionist cinematography , while many of the prototypical stories and much of the attitude of classic noir derive from the hard-boiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the united states during the depression...the term film noir ( french for " black film " ) , first applied to hollywood movies by french critic nino frank in 1946 , was unknown to most of the american filmmakers and actors while they were creating the classic film noirs..the canon of film noir was defined in retrospect by film historians and critics ; many of those involved in the making of film noir later professed to be unaware at the time of having created a distinctive type of film ... featuring top performances from the ' 40s and ' 50s with outstanding drama and screenplays , along with a wonderful cast and supporting actors to bring it all together ... another winner from the vaults of almost forgotten film noir gems special features bios : 1. lawrence tierney date of birth : 15 march 1919 - brooklyn , new york date of death : 26 february 2002 - los angeles , california 2. claire trevor ( aka : claire wemlinger ) date of birth : 8 march 1910 - new york , new york date of death : 8 april 2000 - newport beach , california 3. robert wise ( director ) date of birth : 10 september 1914 - winchester , indiana date of death : 14 september 2005 - los angeles , california hats off and thanks to les adams ( collector / guideslines for character identification ) , chuck anderson ( webmaster : the old corral / b-westerns.com ) , boyd magers ( western clippings ) , bobby j . copeland ( author of " trail talk " ) , rhonda lemons ( empire publishing inc ) , bob nareau ( author of " the real bob steele " ) and trevor scott ( down under com ) as they have rekindled my interest once again for film noir , b-westerns and serials - - - looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage serial era of the ' 20s , ' 30s & ' 40s and b-westerns ... order your copy now from amazon where there are plenty of copies available on vhs , stay tuned once again for top notch action mixed with deadly adventure - - - if you enjoyed this title , why not check out vci entertainment where they are experts in releasing b-westerns and serials - - - all my heroes have been cowboys ! total time : 92 min on dvd ~ turner home video ~ ( 7 / 05 / 2005 ) 
music neg 897.txt the firm ( a conglomerate consisting of nas , az , foxy brown and the relative unknown nature ( who took the place of original member cormega after a heated dispute ) ) ...came up with the " brilliant idea " to collaborate on a full album...after the release of " affirmative action " from nas ' it was written album . after enlisting the assistance of dr. dre 's aftermath records and production by the infamous trackmasters , the firm 's album is subpar to say the least...it sounds like each individual artists is trying too hard to outshine the other and many of the beats consisting on this album are just a lil too sample heavy... . " hardcore " for example . however , i will admit , there are some shining moments by all four members....and some half decent production....i.e . " phone tap " ... " f**k somebody else " ( lyrics are forgettable since foxy is doing what she does best on the mic...talking about sex and its many forms....i think you might be able to masterbate to this one...lol ) . i will give this a decent try but i ca n't go no further than that . i will agree with one reviewer saying that listening to the group as solo artists is a more satisfying 
dvd neg 291.txt " rip it off " is not an easy film to watch . in short , it is dull and meanders from plot line to plot line , leaving only the most attentive viewer ( read : myself ) to guess at what was going to happen next . but not in a good way . judging from its drab look and unimaginatively shot scenes , not to mention a script whose dialogue borders on the absurd , it never ceases to amaze me how it managed to attract such well-known and talented personalities as alyson hannigan and jennifer esposito . it begs the question : why did you do this film ? or , on a personal note , why did i buy this film , especially at $22 and change ? frankly , i bought it because of alyson hannigan : she 's gorgeous , obviously intelligent , and the girl can act . individually speaking , she does not disappoint here . it 's obvious that she really did n't want to sleep walk through her role as lexi , and she gives the other actors a lot of material to work with . although the silly musical leitmotifs seem deliberately crafted to undermine her scenes , she is a singularly interesting actor to watch , and her performance simply wants me to see her do more , preferably a more mature and fully fleshed out character in a serious film ( see jennifer aniston in her brave performance in " the good girl . " ) but enough gushing : if ms. hannigan had not been as engaged , i would have trashed her soundly . most everyone else in " rip it off " ( with the possible exception of the fellow who plays sergei with operatic relish ) is more or less " phoning it in " when they do their scenes . this made me lack any kind of sympathy for them in addition to making me sleepy . also , films of such low production value should come with a printed warning of some sort : beware ! do not adjust your screen ; the appearance of the film is inherently bad . " rip it off " and films of its ilk give independent filmmaking a black eye . i 've seen black and white student films with greater intrigue and atmosphere than this turkey . and , contrary to the technical description of the dvd , it is presented in the horror that is full screen , and not widescreen . can you believe people invest money in these films ? ( ahem . 
camera pos 12.txt this is a good , affordable uv filter for protecting your expensive lenses . i leave it on my lens all the time . this particular filter ( l-39 sharp cut ) is especially good for wide angle lenses ( & lt ; 24mm focal length ) , because of its ultrathin profile , which prevents vignetting . i have used regular filters on wide angle lenses , with very bad results . although this filter is not multi-coated , i have not found it to be a big deal in the pictures i 've taken . multi-coated uv filters can cost 2x or 3x the price of this one , which i do n't think is worthwhile . all in all , i recommend this filter for canon or non-canon lenses 
books pos 473.txt this book has a lot of insights about various ways in which the ' pace of life and learning ' have since the scientific revolution accelerated . in other words it is a book which gives one much to think about . the problem is that it also suggests that given the vast increase of information available to us , the vast increase in ' possible alternatives ' for our attention , that we will probably have our minds moved away from the insights so rapidly as to not even absorb them . the obvious reply to such an intense barrage upon our consciousness , is to withdraw . and when we withdraw and close out all that is accelerating around us , we begin to try and make a pace and story of our own within ourselves . the faster we are forced to go , the slower we may need to go . i think a companion volume , or perhaps a contradictory volume should be written on all those human activities which might be aided by our ' going slower in them' . and along with this volume should be advice and recommendation of how to keep out of our life these seemingly endless intrusions which disrupt our living by our own rhythm . " run slowly , slowly horses of the night " 
software pos 441.txt h&r block 2006 works well like it always has . i 've used and liked h&r since the turbotax activation debacle , to the extent that i can like doing income tax ! what is great is the media the software comes on . install the program and then have a nice flash drive to use elsewhere . maybe flash drives will be like floppies someday , with piles of used drives in a box , but for now it 's a super handy way to store and move a few files . 256 megs makes for a big floppy but a small flash drive . no matter- -the price it right 
health pos 500.txt this is the last hair straightener you will every buy . heats up quickly and straightens long , thick and even curly hair in minutes . have n't stopped receiving compliments since i started using it . 
software neg 779.txt i just input all the information for my return and this software has me owing over $8000. by my calculations i 'm owed a refund of $150-200. it is not taking federal income tax already paid from annuities into account . back to the calculator for me 
health neg 548.txt i guess it 's cheap , but the dial rocks like crazy when you stand on it and shift your weight , so it 's pretty hard to get anything more than a ~2-3 pound estimate . which is fine if you 're not obsessive , but most people care about that increment.. . 
software neg 197.txt i do not like software . it always hang no matter what i did . maybe this is becasue it has not finished the index process ? i had many many photos in my computer . 
books neg 483.txt i enjoy reading sports fiction with my 10 year old son . the descriptions of this book suggested it addressed important themes which transcended basketball . however , as i read the book , i found the treatment of those themes quite superficial . in addition the book was bawdy . while it may accurately reflect locker room mentality , many readers may not find that mentality entertaining . it is not an appropriate book for children 
health pos 586.txt i have been using this razor for about 6 years now , probably as long as they have been out . they may be pricey but well worth it . i used to use disposables and nicked / cut my legs almost every time . i switched to these and have maybe nicked my legs very little . it is so quick and easy to use , and my legs are much smoother than they ever were with disposables and shaving creams . they do only last for 3-5 shaves , but if you figure in the price of disposables and shaving cream , it 's probably not that much more expensive 
camera neg 422.txt i loved my 4.1mp sony cypershot i got for christmas in 2005. then a few days after christmas in 2006 the screen was getting these fuzzy lines in it . if i would tap the camera they would go away . but then a few days later i was taking pictures and the camera just stopped working . it would turn on but then shut off . i had this problem before with low batteries but i changed them and it still did n't work . it would let me review pictures but not take them and now it wont turn on at all and the lens is stuck out . so many other people have had this exact problem after just one year of use . so sad camera dea 
software pos 343.txt this is actually a review for more than one product ( pimsleur and rosetta stone ) if you are willing to spend 1-2 years learning a foreign language but have limited time ( weekly ) , lack the ability to immerse yourself in that culture for 1 year ( the best way to learn the language ) , ca n't attend classes , can expend some budget , and want the process to be challenging yet fun , here 's how to do it : 1. buy a good english-foreign language dictionary . 2. get the pimsleur course for that language . ( check ebay for used copies ) 3. buy the rosetta stone program for that language . ( costly . try the online monthly subscription option if your budget is tight . ) 4. get a basic grammar language book ( barron 's highly recommended ) putting it all together . 1. listen to the pimsleur program during your daily commute-1 lesson per day . ( take the weekend off ) do not go to the next lesson until you have a 80% recall of the material . there is no need to be at 100% recall before going to the next lesson . ( trust me on this on-avoid my pain ) using this method , you can get through all pimsleur lessons ( levels i-iii ) in 1 year . the focus of pimsleur is speaking skills . 2. at the same time , use the rosetta stone lessons on the weekend , with one 30 minute to 1 hour session . go through the guided exercise followed by the test . there is no need to go through every lesson ( type ) for each program . after you buy the product , you 'll know what i 'm talking about . the focus of rosetta stone is listening skills . 3. review the basic grammar of the language as you go through the 2 above . 4. contrary to what pimsleur says , look up any words for spelling , and likewise , for rosetta stone , look up any words for definition you do n't understand . bottomline : despite what they advertise , these are not stand-alone programs . also the secret to recall is anticipation , meaning an 80% success rate for pimsleur is ok and 70% success rate for rosetta stone is okay before moving to the next lesson . you do n't get any extra points for making 100% and this effort can be counter-productive ( burn out , boredom , and frustration before finishing the lessons . ) your goal should be to get through all of the programs and lessons and the experience should be challenging and fun . afterwards , you can take your trip to that country for the total immersion experience , and after the first 2 weeks , you 'll see how well spent your time was with the programs . note : i 've used the japanese , german , and korean pimsleur courses , and rosetta stone german and japanese programs . i 've also spent extensive time in all 3 of those countries . learn from my mistakes . good luck and have fun . 
dvd neg 574.txt i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm . 
books pos 864.txt this book opens our eyes . sure , we feel that we know what we should be doing . many times we are right in our hunches . yet , we still do not always do what needs to be done . instead , out of either laziness or taking the easy road , we fail because it is so easy to do so . besides , the customer will always walk in the door . right ? as this book reminds us , the customer may never be back . it is in the insight of a professioanl like tasca that we are reminded of wehat we may already know . again , our implementation of these rules which he explains simply , we will achieve . another book i encourage is " cars and people : how to put the two together . " 
music neg 235.txt ..of little teenage white girls trying to sound like thirty-year-old black women . first it was britney spears , then it was christina aguilera , now it 's joss stone . the former at least have something going for them ; britney 's first album had catchy beats , and even though aguilera 's style is incredibly trashy , she does have enormous vocal power and range if she would only stop trying so hard . try as i might , though , i just do n't understand the appeal of joss stone . i did n't buy this album ; a friend of mine likes it and i 've had to listen to it enough times to want to rip my ears right out of my head . i do n't see what is fresh or original about ripping off janis joplin and the generally much more talented black soul singers . maybe it 's the rick astley effect : you do n't expect that voice coming out of that face . you do n't expect a squinty little teenaged blonde to growl and screech like a deranged cat . but that effect can only take you so far , as rick astley himself found out . this album is not only an unpleasant listening experience because of the stupid songs ( " dirty man " basically just repeats " you 're a dirty man.. . " with very minor variations , along with a great deal of unnecessary caterwauling ) and the nails-down-a-chalkboard voice of stone herself - it 's a depressing reminder of how low our culture has sunk , when it ca n't come up with any culture based on its own heritage but slavishly copycats things from another culture that seems more " cool " . stone , like aguilera and spears , tries to sing like an older black woman , a woman with soul - an aretha franklin or a gloria gaynor . but stone et al . sound like little girls clattering around in grown-up shoes . they have n't been alive long enough to live similar experiences of the women they are trying to imitate . their singing rings hollow to me , show-offy and fake . stone could rival aguilera in shameless and unnecessary vocal theatrics , though she has nowhere near aguilera 's sweetness or range . her voice might be described as " smoky " by some ; to me it sounds gravelly , sandpapery , and as pleasant as scraping your knees on asphalt . i do n't understand why anyone in the right mind would willingly put themselves through the ordeal of listening to this cd , much less enjoy it . i guess fake is good enough for some people . it makes me chuckle , though , to hear people rave about her voice as " authentic " . if you 're looking for soul , try macy gray . she 's for real . try the hugely talented but woefully ignored tasmin archer and karen rodriguez . those are fresh , authentic voices that will make you realize what a load of bollocks joss stone and her ilk truly are . the only white woman i have ever heard who could sing like she was black was linda ronstadt . go back and listen to a ronstadt classic like " hurts so bad " and compare it to this modern-day drivel . ronstadt sang with real feeling , real knowledge , real pain - worlds apart from this fake plastic imitation of soul that seems to be the rule and not the exception these days . i gave this one star because there is no zero-stars option . joss stone is just a musical chav , an unconvincing shoplifter of another , better culture 
music neg 931.txt this is a cd of the history of the band . interesting but was not a music cd . was not worth the price 
books neg 675.txt i was rather disappointed in mr. peterson 's work . he dwells much too long on trying to convince us of & quot ; the problem&quot ; . nearly the first half of the book is spent on statistic overload ! even after wading through the numbers and graphs , i am still skeptical of his conclusions and would caution readers to do further research . certainly the baby boomers are an aging bulge in the population of the us and will create some challenges . however , the author fails to mention the & quot ; echo boom&quot ; ( baby boomer 's children which are equal in number ) and he glosses over the impact of the huge young immigration population that comes into the country every year . both of these facts will & quot ; soften&quot ; the impact of the & quot ; gray doom&quot ; that mr. peterson tries to create . i just do n't anticipate the tremendous problem of which he tries to make us aware . but i did find interesting the apparently huge impact that abortions and birth control will have on our future . another disappointment was very little discussion of aging trends and buying habits . despite these shortcomings , i enjoyed parts of the book and it stimulated thinking about the future and the impact of aging populations 
books pos 546.txt the color tabs really help you know what section to look at . the only disadvantages of this field guide are that it does n't document every species in north america and that the new national geographic field guide to the birds of north america , fifth edition has the blue grouse split into the sooty and dusky grouse making it more up to date ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! still , this field guide has many good things . 
health neg 387.txt i got this curler set , and i completely regret it ! i used it once , and i wont touch it again ! it left my hair frizzy , and there was a bump from where the clamps were . it took me 3x as long to get fix my hair as it did to put it in the curlers and wait for it to cool down . i would n't even give it one star...take my advice - do not buy this ! 
dvd neg 286.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look 
music neg 346.txt i found a supposedly " new remastered edition " of sade 's " diamond life " on sale for less than 10 bucks . oops ! great mistake ! when i tried to return it , the cd store was already out of business , and the copy is one issued in the netherlands which is marked into the booklet as " 2000 digital remastered version " . the whole album has been re-recorded with new arrangements ! the digital sound is quite good , but the new arrangements made for ' smooth operator ' really sucks ! ! 
books pos 490.txt the sun shines , planets orbit , corporations lie voraciously , humans consume mindlessly and noam chomsky - the pre-eminent intellectual of the modern era - churns out knowledge , elucidates the times and refutes the notion that it is our manifest destiny to perpetually suffer indignity . in a wide-ranging series of question and answer sessions chomsky tackles a myriad of seemingly disparate topics , which ultimately pertain to and concern the economic and political system and the welfare of humanity . unlike books authored by chomsky himself which tackle specific topics understanding power - the indispensable chomsky is the transcript of sessions traversing a decade during which chomsky takes questions from the audience on a number of topics ranging from us foreign policy , imperialism , trade and the third world to propaganda , corporate media , solutions to the collective malaise and the march towards a more just system and society . expounding on his legendary encyclopaedic knowledge and command of logic , professor chomsky manages to offer the questioners , and by extension the readers , a radical approach distinct from the boilerplate and mind-numbing discussions of the corporate media . refuting the suitability of handling our problems by working within the system and nibbling at the edges chomsky offers an alternative to the broken system without resorting to the expected customary answers like a broken record . as thoughtful and brilliant as the discourse is , the book 's editors also deserve much praise not only for the compilation , but also for the easy to read format and the lively pace of the book . understanding power could easily have been entitled understanding the system and is a brilliant book based on the profound teachings of a brilliant thinker 
software neg 562.txt i have been a loyal fan of quicken for many years . my , things have changed for the worst at the once mighty intuit . it pains me to report that quicken deluxe 2007 is a work in progress . 1. the installation cd was unreadable . to intuit 's credit , i was given access to their download site for replacement software . 2. the reconciliation report ( needed for balancing your checkbook ) will not display or print for some reason . all other reports display and print just fine . unfortunately , the reconciliation report is the only one i am truely interested in printing . i am using a brother hl-5280dw laser printer . the printer works fine with all other programs , including the old version of quicken . again , the most important report ( reconciliation ) will not print on quicken deluxe 2007. 3. the software would not recognize the c-drive as a working drive even though the program is running on that drive ( ? ) - go figure . 4. the overseas tech support is willing to play dumb and pretend they do n't know there is a problem with the software , keeping you in the chat room for hours . i guess as long as they get paid it does n't matter whether they help or not . the ultimate recommendation is to reload the software - just one more time . as a past happy user of quicken 2004 , i was forced into this upgrade . do n't expect the problems to be resolved quickly . intuit has been aware of most of these problems for over 6 months . i hate to be the bearer of bad news , but this version of quicken is just that bad news 
books neg 262.txt ageless body is deepak 's attempt to neutralize the word " old " as in old age . the writer has a knack for making common words , like " body , " mind " and " self , " into profound concepts . his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies . but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound . if you like poetry , deepak may be your read : " the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ; ( p . 36 ) " or try to interpret this one : " the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born . ( p.40 ) " at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible . he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over " intelligent design . " he ca n't accept the growth of any cell , even a plant cell , without an intelligence involved . he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p . 115 , asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process . deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms : intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself . whether your word game tosses in the word " quantum " or not does n't change much . what a solipsistic thought ; what a solipsistic world . i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of would n't , after awhile , go insane 
health neg 440.txt does not cut hair as closely as their other model er 43 
music neg 325.txt a friend who knows my taste in music recommended vnv nation to me , so i got matter + form based on the reviews . in one sense i like it . the production is excellent and i find every track to be creative and unique . but i hate the vocals and so i ca n't bear to listen to the cd . this dude has the worst voice in music history . 
camera neg 131.txt " you get what you pay for " most of the time that cliche is true , but there are products out there that break this rule . the philips dvp642 is one of them , a great quality , versatile product selling at a bargain price . this is not . i was hoping the same of this product from all the " glowing " reviews on here . however , this quality of this monopod is very disappointing . first of all , you have to ask yourself , why do you need a monopod over a tripod ? for myself and most , it 's because we need some stability and portability for our telephoto zoom lenses . however , telephoto zooms are long and heavy so the monopod should be designed strong and solid to live up to the task . this monopod does n't even come close . here are it 's bad points : -the aluminum construction is very cheap quality . the leg segments wobble laterally when you extend and close them . it feels like thin , cheap aluminum and the monopod feels it could break in half like a toothpick at any time . -the head is very cheap and not solid . no matter how tight i tightened the head , my camera would slope down . the workmanship of the head is so cheap that at any point , you think that you 're going to break the plastic tightening screw if you tighten it too much . i think we 've all experienced that in the past . -the leg locks are not tight . when you push down on the monopod , the leg segments slide back into themselves . in the end , it was a risk i took hoping that i could get a high-quality product for a cheap price . sometimes , you can get away with that . walmart sells a very decent functioning tripod for only $30. in this case , i should 've bought a real monopod . oh well , i wasted $16 that i could 've used to help pay for a higher quality monopod 
health neg 534.txt i saw a commercial , i read a reviews - and so i bough one box at walmart . it 's not worth it , that 's my conclusion . the trays are made of very thin plastic-like material , and are very difficult to position properly on your teeth . the active gel easy goes out of trays , and fills your mouth . during first couple od uses , after 20 min or so i started to feel a vague pain in my gum . nevertheless , i continued using the product for all 7 days , as advertised , 30 min a day . after the whole package was gone , the change of color of my teeth is barely visible . i hope you will have better luck . 
health pos 776.txt for years i have had many a vacation ruined because i break out in hives with very little exposure to the sun . after my dermatologist recommended this product i tried it . two vacations later . . . not a single hive or sunburn . well worth the price . actually goes pretty far also 
books neg 206.txt on our beloved kay scarpetta and the illustrious ms. cornwell ? having been an avid fan of her novels from the very beginning , i simply cannot help but ask myself....is she really writing this stuff ? very slow in the beginning , i began to fear a repeat of the struggle that i endured to finish blowfly . however , this novel does begin to pick up momentum...but not until the reader is halfway through , and certainly not until this author had left me sufficiently disgusted . the storyline finds scarpetta summoned home to the scene of the crime...richmond , virginia , where her previous employer seeks her assistance in unwraveling the mysterious death of a young girl . so scarpetta- --with marino tagging along of course- --heads back to richmond from her new home in florida to offer assistance ; only to find that her old building is being demolished...and that the new one , under the leadership of dr. joel marcus , is sloppy regarding policies and procedures . the demoralization of her former staff by dr. marcus is also unnerving to scarpetta ; and clearly he resents her intrusion . so why has he asked her to come ? meanwhile , lucy , as head of the last precinct , is once again up to her ears in nonsense . for such a brilliant , successful young woman ( as readers have always been lead to believe ) , why must cornwell insist on making her so completely stupid in her literary life ? in this tale she is once again romantically linked with a narcissistic sociopath who also happens to be her employee . worse than the weak storyline , and the fact that this novel is just all over the place , is the author 's disturbingly sterotypical portrayal of african-americans throughout . drug dealers are black , they 're dead of gunshot wounds , and most ludicrous of all is in one instance cornwell references a dead young man 's " conspicuously large organ . " are you kidding me ? the trash collectors are " big dark men " and of course in an upscale neighborhood , the " old black woman " must work in one of the houses . the author 's unbelievably narrow-minded , stereotypical view of other races is disturbing at best , and frankly makes one think that she may just be as stupid from a common sense perspective as lucy . read only if you must , but frankly there are better ways to spend your time . dy 
software neg 705.txt i 'd give this no stars but it wo n't let me . why would anyone buy this ? i was in compusa today as they are closing down on long island & thought about buying this . i put it down & said i will researh this more at home . as i suspected , you can go to [...] & do the same thing that this software does . the software does n't allow you to print stamps at home so what 's the point ? the only plus is that you get a sheet of free stamps , so it 's like buying a [...] coupon , that 's a one time use . i do n't get it 
dvd pos 701.txt noel and liam and jarvis are f* &king hilarious...damon needs to off himself...same with the weirdo journalist with the upper-class accent...this video is good at making britpop seem like an actual period in music...hahahahaha...whatever...besides , everyone knows radiohead and prodigy were quite accepted in the u.s. and were very original...oasis is an awesome , lethal rock n roll band , anyone who loves rock n roll have to love oasis...do n't cheat yourself. . 
camera pos 521.txt this case fits the z650 perfectly by just removing the inner piece . 
health pos 174.txt this product is so good for you . i sprinkle it on my cereal , salads , in yogurt , etx . a nice nutty flavor . and the health benefits are outstanding . i highly recommend this product 
camera pos 456.txt with these weights i was able to send my canon powershot s70 to the bottom of the atlantic , and i have great faith that they will keep it there . reliable , and more professional than a brick 
dvd pos 196.txt i followed texhnolyze through it 's fansubs , waited patiently for each dvd to come out . you do n't have to sit and ponder , look hard and deep to find a meaning in texhnolyze . it hits you right in the face from the beginning . there are some people out there that society likes to forget . likes to shove to the backburners and ignore . in this tale , they are a whole race of people - the people of the underground city of lux . and even within them , sides are chosen . you 're either in or your out . ichise is one of these outcasts and he lives by what he knows . the only thing he knows - his strength , his brute force . this point is particularly brought out in one of the last episodes , when ichise makes the decision to protect ran . he 's come to feel something for the girl and , perhaps , in a way she reminds him of the mother he could never save . so he goes to offer the only thing he 's sure of having - his body . that 's always been his bargaining chip , always been what everyone wanted . anger , rage and fighting . though are all ichise knows . how do you expect him to act any less animalistic than the animal this society made him become ? it 's clear through most of the show that he does n't know how to react to people . likewise , it 's the same old sort of theme out of many a popular sci-fi movie - man bringing about an end to his own world . ichise inadvertantly is thrust into all of this by his texhnolyze , ran is thrust by her visions and everyone else by some intricate connection . but eventually , lux collapses because of technology , the classic warning given in so many apocalypse movies . not each episode requires such in-depth searches for meaning . it all fits into the grandier scheme and message of the series itself . this series , as a whole , is a very good series . it does require connecting together pieces and keeping larger themes in mind , as well as a little psychology but what good series / does n't / 
health neg 791.txt we received it with broken cover . it did n't work properly and stopped running every hour . we tried different ways to make it run , but nothing worked . we 've returned it . it 's just waste of money . on the other hand the cow-humidifier which we bought at the same time is fine and running well . no complaints 
books pos 730.txt wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy 
software neg 201.txt this program is average to below average in it 's abilities . that said , just hope you do n't need any roxio tech support . why ? because roxio 's support bites ! you cannot contact anyone online or by email for help ; whenever their dis-functional " web portal " [web-based support] system traps you in an endless loop . i needed an couple simples updates for a pc that is not allowed on the internet . it used to be you could download roxio 's patches from any pc having internet access . then burn patch[s] to a cd , or copy to floppy / jumpdrive . then " sneakernet " the patches to the pc needing them . no more . what happened today was that their webpage was apparently trying to download / patch a roxio product directly on my pc . [ezcd5 does n't exist on my pc]. instead of simply letting me download it somewhere , like to my hard drive , vs patchging it directly from their webpage to my pc , [which wo n't work in my case as i 'm not using roxio , nor have it installed on my pc] ; apparently the morons that did the roxio webpage coding make the download / patch process stop / end and proceed to send the customer back to roxio 's initial patch download page . when you need a patch , all these endless loops and support games are enough to get me looking for a different product / different company . if you want to minimize human contact with customers , fine . but let folks at least download the patches they need in order to keep their pc going . do n't hand over your customer support system [almost] completely to a web server . that ignorant arrangement works about as well as when companies try to save a few pennies and get rid of phone receptionists for customer service telephone calls . then they let customers wade through a 100 layer deep voicemail system to find the answer to a simple problem . it just does n't work . if a company wo n't provide access to patches , even after i have logged into their website with username and password , [so they know is accessing their patches] and they do n't offer any type of ftp site as a download backup option , then i sure as heck wo n't be buying anymore of their products . i see why roxio bought up cequadrat and other companies . [though i hate to see such quality companies be devoured like that]. when a competitor has a better product , why fight to improve your prodsuct 's quality / features , when you can buy the other company out . thank goodness nero is not under the roxio umbrella . 
camera neg 224.txt i purchased this for my 4 year old son because he loves to take pictures . i did n't want to spend a lot of money , however this product is way over priced for the quality and ease of use . not to mention after having it less than 24 hours it completely stopped working . however , when it did work every single picture was blurry . there is only one button for every option and it is very confusing . i would n't recommend this product to anyone . it is being returned 
health neg 523.txt i purchased this dryer because of the shape and attachments and wanted to try an ionic dryer . first of all , if this is an ionic dryer i was better off with my super cheap dryer . second , the back seam of the dryer melted ! ! several people have mentioned that it overheats and they are not lying . it shuts off and refuses to come back on . which is good because then it might melt completely . do n't waste your money on this 
health pos 246.txt very good ; very satisfying . interesting blend of flavors- -dried fruit , cocoa , chili . nothing dominates - all the flavors are well balanced to make it interesting to eat . i could n't eat one every day , but for an occasional meal replacement , it is very good . too high calorie to be a snack item , but it 's tempting 
books neg 390.txt i lived in france . i know plenty of fat french women . and french women who drink hard liquor every day . and french women who drink coffee more than just in the morning . french women do n't have the market on thinness by any means . people all over the world have guilt about eating and learn bad habits . the author starts out trying to be objective but her arrogance comes out loud and clear as the book goes on . and her dropping of french phrases here and there throughout the book are downright annoying . nothing new in this book . eat less , exercise more . 
music pos 548.txt this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night 
health neg 779.txt i was looking to scent an entire room . the lavender is a decent aroma but you need to be within a foot . there were no recommendations on how to spread the scent throughout the entire room so i have to believe that this limited range is normal 
camera pos 240.txt i started with the battery grip initially wanting the double battery availability . having used a 35mm with a hand strap and already realizing the value of the stability of such a strap , this was my second attraction for the purchase of the battery grip and last but not at all least , is the ability to use shoot from the grip itself , allowing full ease of rotation of the camera . though i have never used the battery magazine that allows for the use of aa batteries , having it offers a backup should the canon batteries need charging and i am in the heat of shooting . i always travel with my charge and four aa batteries . i would recommend this grip as a standard accessory for the eos-20d and eos 30-d . one thought to consider once on the camera it increases the overall height creating challanges with some camera cases . 
camera neg 179.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight 
camera pos 285.txt despite reading glowing reviews about this lens , i was still surprised to see how well it performed . the lens is so sharp you can get very good cropped pictures of running athletes , from a distance of three quarters of a football field away , shooting hand held , with late afternoon light , which will print a 5x7 and still look like a pro took them ! if you want a tack sharp lens for indoor sports pictures and ca n't afford , or otherwise do not want another long lens for outdoor sports pictures , then you should give this lens your serious consideration . 
music pos 24.txt i rarely write reviews of music but feel that i must share my impressions of this cd . i have long heard some of my favorite singers praise the songwriting prowess of townes but somehow never got around to buying one of his records . i finally picked this one up because it had two songs that were covered by two of my favorite singers- -lyle lovett - " lungs " ( among others ) and steve earle - " tecumseh valley " . i was blown away by the sheer beauty and poetry of every song on this recording . other reviewers seem to be comparing this to other townes ' records . i come from a different angle . as someone who has long heard townes sopken of with the highest praise , i can say this disk does not disappoint and will influence me to fill out my collection of his recordings . i will also say that i am deeply frustrated that i never took advantage of the chance to see townes perform while he was alive . 
dvd neg 408.txt i bought this video based on the reviews and was so disappointed that i never got past the first 20 minutes . i am not a prude , but to use the f word in every sentene as an adjective , verb and however else it may be used was a complete turnoff . i put the video in my recycle box . maybe it had some substance , but i could not get past the first 20 minute 
books pos 677.txt whether everything 's on the level here or not i have no idea but in the neverland of hollywood it does n't surprise me that an ex-mouseketeer could be drawn into the shadowy and dangerous circle of colorful mobster mickey cohen . it is a vastly entertaining read , however , and would make a cool movie 
software pos 133.txt i still have a lot of learning to do , but just what i 've been able to do with photos the last 2 weeks is amazing . i do n't know why i waited so long to buy this thing 
music pos 625.txt quite different from his later big-band recordings . some of the songs that you may find on wes ' ' best of ' collections sound too much like elevator music . not so with this debut album . a drummer , a organist , and a guitar player ; no horn section . stripped down in the sence of band size but very deep and articulate playing . he shows of his trade mark octave playing , his chord solos ( played over the organs rythm chords none the less ) , and flashy runs across the fret board when needed . a good cd to start with for the guitarist who wants to play jazz . 
dvd pos 259.txt capsule monsters is a new game that requires capsule shooter . yugi must save the world from a new evil . but first he must master this new game . yugi is on a quest to keep a power from falling into the hands of evil . this dvd only contains part 1 of the movie . part 2 will be release some time in september . so if you love the first yu-gi-oh . you will definitely wo n't to see this movie . bonus features deleted scenes capsule monster trailers 
books neg 473.txt a book full of heartwarming stories from country stars , singers , writers , and listeners , or so the back of the book said . as i read some sentimental stories , and some down right boring stories i questioned how more than half of these stories got into the ` country1 edition of the chicken soup series . i loved about three stories , liked about ten , and was puzzled by all the other entries 
health neg 66.txt i do n't know what those other people were talking about but this energy drink tastes like melted popsicles . it 's basically just gatorade with more sugar in it . if you want an energy drink instead of a sweetened sports drink you should look elsewhere 
music neg 156.txt this movie was only good because of two reasons . rammstein , and queens of the stone age . other than that , completel out of control p.o.s. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell 
health pos 487.txt i have medium colored hair , and i 've used this trimmer many times . it shaves away the hair just fine for me , you know need to know how to get to all the hair . if your hair is so coarse that this trimmer does n't work , you i 'd recommend waxing ! fast , effective , good angling 
dvd neg 362.txt i would often rush to see all arnold schwarzenegger films , i adore his bad acting " it must be the muscles " i was 10 year old and he was the bomb now his movies now gives me a pain in my stomach and i start to twitch , i ca n't believe how terrible an actor this man was " is " and all the money he made doing these unrealistic bull crap , wow ! talk about the american dream , i admit there are some of his movies i would have to rate a classic but however this one really sucks maybe it was the time , trend , maybe the era , but i have come a long way and this guy is a difinite no ! no ! for me , this movie had it 's moments ! for a 8 year old maybe ! for an adult you have to have a strong stomach , you i would never say this about bruce willis mybe i am a hypocrite or maybe he just an good actor duh ! i could n't care less do with this what you will i wo n't recommend it later folks 
camera neg 25.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
books neg 560.txt well , the fact that i 'm writing a review about this book , while it 's sitting open on my desk next to my computer , open and not being read , might be some evidence of how i 'm enjoying this book . this book just goes on and on in complex an unclear language about a subject which should n't be so difficult . this book is not clear or easy to understand at all . every sentence is awkward and followed by a footnote , and the masses of footnotes together take up half of each page ( ! ) , making this work look like a research project for a phd publication . i have the casebook in this series , and sometimes it seems reading the cases alone will bring more clarity . and it turns to be true ! this book might be good if you 're advanted-contracts and want to know every little detail , or as an advanced reference later on , to look something up like in an encyclopedia . some concepts , which should be pretty clear just get too in-depth coverage in this book . it 's too complex for a first-year student . sometimes it starts describing the different views out there , and then there 's a jumble in your head as to what the law really is . i wish the author used his own knowledge and fluid language more than footnoted ideas from other authors . 
dvd neg 508.txt let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , " the descent " was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , " the descent " " the descent " begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though " the descent " was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . " the descent " is unrated and contains violence and language 
books neg 612.txt when yours truly was eleven and in reading class , " incident " was required reading . this had to be the most ridiculous book that i ever had the displeasure of reading . i mean , the boy is cared for by a badger ! badgers are mean and ornery critters that do n't much like people or even their own kind . i did not believe it at eleven , nor do i now . also , eckert certainly did n't need to include some of those descriptions . was it really necessary to describe a mother badger eating her offspring 's excrement ? what eleven-year-old wants to read about that ? so , for kids who like to read long descriptive passages about things they really did n't want to know about in the first place : this book 's for you 
health pos 531.txt i received this for christmas from my amazon wishlist . i wanted to give it a couple of months of use before reviewing . i was a long time user of norelco shavers , but switched to a blade since i could n't get a close enough shave . now that the whiskers are mostly gray , you ca n't tell for a few days if i shaved or not , so closeness is no longer an issue . i typically use this shaver in the shower , and have noticed that if you wash your face first , it takes more of the cool skin creme to give a smooth , close shave . just a hint , guys . for the most part this shaver does a good job of getting around the wrinkles , dimples and adam 's apple cleanly with very little drag . my only complaint is that the trimmer head is a separate attachment and that makes it difficult to trim the ' stash & sideburns while showering . small complaint that does n't remove any ratings stars . all in all a great shaver 
health pos 980.txt the neutrogena norwegian formula foot creme was a dream for this mother . my 7-year-old was unfortunate enough to inherit a severe callous problem that affects his hands and feet . the problem is so severe in his father that his father 's hands and feet are literally split open and very painful . the 7-year-old has already started with very hard calluses and nothing seems to relieve them . nothing , that is , until now . just a small nightly dose seems to be helping immensely into giving my dear son back the soft feet i would expect a 7-year-old to have . i highly recommend this product to anyone who suffers from dry , cracked feet 
camera pos 410.txt in short , i love it . the xh a1 is a professional looking camera and has all the features you need . it is a bit complex for those who are not true prosumers or pros , and the manual is not consumer oriented . the picture qualitity is , so far , the best i 've seen in non-pro cameras . the 3 ccds at 1 / 3 inch each are truely spectacular . the 2 external xlr connections are the reason i looked at this camera . if you want to mic someone via wireless or wired lav mic , this is the camer to do that . just make sure you read over the xlr connection settings in the manual a few times and change the buttons ( unfortunately located in 4 different locations on the camera ) to the right settings . a set of good headphones is a must-have when not using the wonderful built-in mic . by the way , this built-in mic eliminated one of the situations where i always needed a mic , a close up interview situation- -the built-in is very sensitive and accurate for this type of thing . the downside to this camera is really only that it does not contain an hdmi adapter . sadly canon did not provide one ; instead they opted for a custom ( hdmi-looking ) adpater that if you loose the cable you ca n't run down to fry 's or radio shack to get another one . : ( the other thing is that it is 1440x1080 instead of 1920x1080. their new canon hv20 ( a 1ccd camera due in april 2007 ) is 1920x1080 resolution- -just seems odd to me . but then i 'm the guy that will get a 10 megapixel camera simply because its better resolution . : ) the bottom line , do n't get the sony fx7 , get this one . the sony seems and is easier to use , but it does n't have an external xlr jack , it uses 1 / 4 inch ccds , and in a side-by-side test does n't offer as good performance in low light situations as this one . the camera is a bit complicated , but if you 're willing to learn , it is a wonderful tool . if you need true point and shoot , i 'd wait and get the canon hv20 
software neg 227.txt i 've been a user of pinnacle version 8 ( which i loved ) , and needed to update to a version that could burn dual layer dvds . what a disappointment this " upgrade " has been . crash after crash . what is most disappointing is that pinnacle built in a feed back system so the users could " help " them develop a better product . this means to me that they knowingly released bad code , and used their customers as guinny pigs while sticking us for a $100. guess what , i do n't want to help pinnacle build a better product . i want a product that works when i purchase it . lesson learned . next time i read a bad review on a product , i 'm staying away 
software pos 394.txt okay for the time being but not enough . needs to be combined with system mechanic for optimum capacit 
music pos 592.txt as much as i hear time and again that " mindcrime " was the seattle quintet 's finest , i always have to argue that this 1986 gem is the pinnacle of their career . while i was a big fan of mindcrime and it 's predecessor " the warning " , rage for order is qr 's most consistent release and is mezmerising from start to finish . in a word. . " perfect " . so few bands can boast having made a perfect album . i can think only of the beatles ( sgt. pepper & revolver to name a few ) , pink floyd ( the wall , dark side ) , dream theater ( images & awake ) , and boston ( debut ) . rage is an album to be listened to and appreciated . released in the hey-day of " hair metal " , this album has not one single song that lends itself to the tag . none of the songs , while very image provoking , could be easily made into an mtv hit . although " gonna get close to you " aired on mtv ( rarely i might add ) it did n't even scratch the surface of this album 's potential . overall , the performances of each member outshine anything before , or since . degarmo and wilton trade licks masterfully . rockenfield and jackson keep a very tight bottom end . tate...well...tate was the metal singer at that time and this was his finest performance . while the mix was somewhat lacking , the production was incredible . each song blends into each other perfectly . this was metal that was unique and completely original . i think the term " thinking man 's metal " was coined at the time . that said , i can think of no other release at the time to which that term could be applied . unlike most of their metal contemporaries at the time , rage was athmospheric , intellectual , and surreal . rage succeeded where priest 's " turbo " failed abysmally . it was a stark vision of the future and the metal was more futuristic than we 'd ever heard before . it was like listening to a whole new machine . it still holds it 's own 20 year later , seeming as fresh and " now " as anything in progressive metal . 
health pos 231.txt what a sinfully awsome tasting way to get rid of chapped lips 
books neg 335.txt i bought this book because i was looking for some alternatives to pb&j . both of my children are now attending peanut-free / tree-nut free schools . this book has lots of ideas , but too many of them are variations of the peanut butter sandwich . 
books pos 735.txt although this book is only 20 pages long , it contains helpful information about the concept of fair trade . americans have so much , and it is hard for us to imagine the degree of poverty in other third-world countries . rose ericson begins to introduce the subject of what fair trade means to these nations . to us it is only a $1 sometimes , but that $1 in a poor nation can supply food for a day to an entire family . in our hurry to accumulate material goods , we must be careful to not take advantage of the artisans and producers of these third-world nations . fair trade is a concept whose time has come 
music pos 783.txt i had this album for many years when i was younger . i had looked for along time to try and find it on cd with no luck . i finally found it on amazon . this is my favorite christmas album , i even have my teenage daughter hooked on it now . the caroling medely is awesome and my daugher loves the pinecones and hollyberries song . no one should be without this cd in their christmas collection . 
music pos 443.txt a great sampling of one of top 10 musicians from the 20th century 
dvd neg 377.txt i ordered this dvd series because i liked kristy alleys performance in other movies and series . but this is totally different . a lot of bad language is used and a very adultrous lifestyle is promoted . after viewing two episodes i put it in the trash . watching this does not make me happy 
health neg 350.txt do n't buy this ! i regret that i did n't listen to the people who left feedbacks . the craftmanship for this item is very bad . not only the product was made of cheap plastic , it was missing a screw too . i would not recomment this product 
health neg 346.txt was initially impressed with the backrest ; however , because the straps are not adjustable , it dose n't stay in place . the one snap is not sufficient for holding the backrest in place 
software neg 271.txt if you own a newer dvd camcorder that is manufactured by panasonic , hitachi , and others that records your movies in a .vro format you can not use this product . you will have to buy an additional program that will cost about $40 to convert the .vro format to a avi , wav , or mpeg format . if you own a camcorder that records in .vro do some research before you waste $80 on this program 
books pos 387.txt i enjoyed this book , but then again i always enjoy sue miller 's novels.she has this way of making me feel close to her main characters . so anyway sue , is lottie ok ? has she found contentment in life ? please write me at babz@aol.com . i am about to read & quot ; the distinguished guest&quot ; - -i heard it was really great ! i 'll let you know . bar 
books pos 911.txt i would recommend the power of simplicity to everyone . this book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy . the idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life . this book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy . although the book is considered an educational read , i feel that it is extremily entertaining as well . it 's just an interesting book , it doesnt get much simpler than that 
books pos 630.txt the four tales in this collection are beautifully composed ; they are art , not just stories . each story is deep in its unique complexities . each one has plots and subplots and paints an impeccable image of the story upon the reader 's mind . and when i look back upon the book as a whole , upon the adventurous stories , the excitement and emotion that the author presents so exquisitely , i ca n't help but be extremely impressed . 
music pos 397.txt i recently discovered joyce cooling . yeah , i 've been in the dark ages . she is one of the smoothest guitarists out there and she does not try to sound like everyone else . i especially appreciate her percussive use of intonations . she 's got chops galore and is a beautiful woman to boot . you can hear it all in her music . buy revolving door ! you 'll love it 
health pos 673.txt saw this product , or maybe it was a similar one in a shop in cairns , australia . it was selling for about $70 australia dollars.....which is still quite expensive converted to us$. i came back to u.s. and found it on amazon for $15.99 , with free ship if i purchased $30. so , i bought two......one for myself , one for my husband ! it is wonderful ! we wear contacts for distance , so it is such a convenience to always have it around our necks , less the neckchains , which always used to get tangled . it 's an ingenius invention 
books neg 906.txt this book does cover alot of information not needed for clep , but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep . i wanted to ensure i was prepared for the clep , so i purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments . although , they were right about the obscurity , this book still taught me alot . you do n't necessarily need it , but if you want to be prepared , this book will not hurt your bank account that much . i also recommend the complete itiots guide to american literature ( 5 stars , check out the reviews ) , and the internet . that is all you need 
music neg 968.txt this cd is , without a doubt amazing . stars are lost because prior to recording , you would think the guitarist would invest in a damn noise gate for his guitar rig . his tone is crushing & sounds perfect , but the second he stops playing , every time ssssqqqqqquuuueeeaaaalllll . it 's annoying to the point of only being able to tolerate so many songs at once , because it is a chronic problem in every song . 
books pos 84.txt left for dead by her kidnappers , lore is found by the mysterious woman spanner , who teaches her to survive by her wits and to live in the dark world of crime . the two become lovers , but lore wants legitimacy and to heal from her various wounds ( her past with her family , her weeks with the kidnappers ) , so she leaves , taking a new identity , and tries to fit in . ultimately , lore cannot run from her demons forever , and she must either choose to stay in the shadows or to face the truths of her past . set in the not-so-distant future , & quot ; slow river&quot ; weaves lore 's pasts and present together into an astonishingly compelling tale . at the heart of the book is the story of a young woman healing from abuse , and the science fiction aspects are simply the setting and enhancing details . & quot ; slow river&quot ; is the type of book that transcends whatever genre in which it 's placed : it 's more than a science fiction story , more than a coming-of-age story , more than a lesbian love story , more than a story of healing from abuse . this is a book that makes one believe in the power of fiction 
camera pos 534.txt i 've owned the t9 now for just about 3 weeks . i purchased it after some extensive research . of course you never really know a product until you 've had it awhile . here 's my thumb nail opinion . i like : the ultra thin metal body optical image stabilizer great photo quality high iso performance large , high rez screen auto focus assist lamp works well very fast start-up fast recovery even after flash lots of built in memory , but you need to buy the 1 or 2 gig card ok slide show feature with music i do n't like : redeye does n't work that well too few manual controls needs white balance needs long shutter speed modes chews up battery time pretty fast . already ordered a second battery . no optical viewfinder ( most ultra smalls do n't ) flimsy plastic cover over the battery will be first thing to break all in all a great little camera . takes awesome , clear pics . not for the professional photographer , but that 's not why you are considering it ( i hope ) . 
music neg 297.txt i bought this cd because i figured it would be a fresh take on some old favoirites . well , i 'd like to say i loved it , but i didnt . this cd just comes off as flat and lifeless . where as the original songs , the kyle toucher on vocals versions , had a certain edge , the remakes make great material sound very mediocre . for those of you first discovering dr. know , l this may be the greatest cd in the world...the material is that good-but , if you really want to experience dr. know , buy their best of cd that was released on mystic records . this is the best version of dr. know . hope this helps 
software neg 527.txt no support or response to questions , only 1 / 2 of the functions work , not a bad design but it was obviously released full of bugs . try cosmic blobs 
dvd neg 543.txt mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing it sucks 
books pos 5.txt i read this book many , many years ago on a very long flight . i could n't put it down . the philosophy is simple ; live frugally , save / invest money every month , and you too can be a millionaire . it 's great advice , especially in this day and age when the younger generation wants the big house , expensive car , and everything else right now , with no regard to the future . although some of the info is dated ( enron being named as a great company to invest ) , and some other advice ( putting new soles on old shoes ) is a bit much , the general message makes plenty of sense . 
camera neg 45.txt canon 's 28-135mm with is ( image stabilizer ) is a far better choice for the money 
software neg 374.txt i regret having purchased this product . i have not been able to use it for two months , after finally giving up trying to get it to work . i have a very nice laptop running windows xp home , and encountered many problems . i tried all of the avenues available to me through quickbooks , online , via email , and on the telephone . i spent nearly 25 hours overall trying to get the numerous issues taken care of . here are just a few : the program would not convert my quicken data ; random script errors when you try to access help topics within the product ; the phone # provided in the payroll demo is invalid ; none of my info was viewable after bank download - it spontaneously failed to download my bank account info , after having successfully downloaded it for about two weeks . i spent 2 & 1 / 2 hours on the phone trying to resolve just this one issue . part of the problem lies in the fact that i was unable to speak to a customer service person who 's first language was english . each time i was on the phone , the customer service person seemed to continually ask me to re-describe the problem , then he / she would seem to be typing the info into the computer and waiting....then eventually telling me some solution to try , then eventually telling me they did not know what the problem was . not helpful in any way , though very polite . i 'm sorry to say that this is a terribly designed , convoluted , over-complicated , non-user-friendly item which i would like to toss over a cliff . 
books pos 397.txt this was the first roberts novel i read . words cannot describe how much i enjoyed it . i 've read and / or listened to 50 since . you ca n't go wrong . her storys are original , her characters are strong and well developed . 
software neg 362.txt i have many ( too many ) rosetta stone softwares for language learning , however after purchasing " tell me more " software i will never go back to rosetta stone . it is true that you can learn a lot of vocabulary with rosetta 's program but that is about it ! rosetta 's software is very illogical ! honestly , do not waste your time and money with this program , check tell me more and you will be amazed 
camera pos 687.txt well , i 'm just amazed this model is still in production the way things are changing so quickly in the a / v world . i bought mine two years ago and have recorded many hours of my children as they are growing up . this is a truly low maintenance and low cost solution for your video recording needs if you do n't have a lot of money to spend on a digital set-up . just buy and extra after market battery or two ( and they 're cheap ) and some inexpensive analogue tape , and start recording away ! after you climb the learning curve , of course . my one problem with this camcorder is that the controls are anything but intuitive , and they 're splattered all over the unit . be sure to read the user manual carefully before you try to use this thing , but once you 've got it down you 'll find this a trusty and low cost companion for your family vacations and holidays . oh yeah , almost forgot , the microphones are n't stereo but they 're really quite good for an entry level unit 
books pos 375.txt if you 're looking for a good story with plenty of action and a great plot and you 're not really concerned with the difference between so-so writing and good writing ( this book is so-so ) , then this is an excellent book . i couldnt put it down . i gauge the rating of a book by one thing ; am i able to truely come into the story ? i am able to do this if the writing and word usage is at or above a certain level . i was able to " come into the story " when i read this book and to me , that provides for a good read . bad writing can prevent this experience but i did n't think this book was too badly written 
camera neg 290.txt i purchased this wide angle lens for my digital camera . when i was experimenting with it taking photos inside my house , there was a dark shadow in the lower right hand portion of the photo . when i took a photo outside , there was no shadow . i went to my local camera shop to ask for help in this matter and he said i would need to adjust the white balance according to the light in the room , but he said , in reality , ' these digital cameras are really not meant for attachments' . i did experiment with the light balance , but still had no luck in getting that dark area to disappear.the flash on the camera is not strong enough to compensate for the area the lens blocks . i returned the product . 
music pos 840.txt this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an & quot ; electric miles&quot ; sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended 
books pos 283.txt i have to give philippa gregory a big thank you ! for approaching this story from a different perspective from the other boleyn girl . it delves into the lives of those in poverty without straying far from the lavish lifestyles of english royalty and wealth . again i was attached to the characters and their struggles while learning much about the time period and historical events . there were a few very alluring relationships between the narrator and the men she encounters creating a whirlwind of emotions for the reader but in the end , i was very pleased with the romantic outcome of the book . so if you are deciding whether or not you 'd like to read this after having read the other boleyn girl , i greatly encourage you to do so , you wo n't regret it 
books pos 835.txt this book is a must for anyone who works with older adults . it is a photographic essay of some very special people....people who embrace the robustness of life , and who are disciplined to maintain their capabilities as long as possible . our world is steeped in ageism , that is , believing that older people are only capable of doing things that are & quot ; appropriate&quot ; for their age . this book shatters those beliefs and provides living examples of people who continue doing what they love to do physically . i wish that etta clark would revise this book with a new set of photos every year ! i have seen some of these photos over and over again in lectures that people give about aging . it is a book to be owned , not borrowed 
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them 
books pos 41.txt arrived on time and in terrific shape ! thanks 
books neg 564.txt i must say that this book does has a lot of pictures in it showing the aspects of shakespear 's world and plays . they are very good and intertaining but i must warn you that the book has a whole chapter with illustrations ( in detail ) of people having sex . the book is probably very good if you like reading text books , and do n't mind these pictures , but i was just too grossed out . if you are teaching lit in college and / or studying shakespeare , this is probably the book that you should use , but you should flip through the book first ( i.e : library , book store ) to see if that is what you want on your book shelves . 
health neg 109.txt much too rough and dry for our baby . if you want to find good baby wipes i recommend the pampers sensitive wipes which are soft and moist . 
books neg 536.txt i do n't know why it won the national book award . this book is very slow , & amp ; very boring . where is the action ? i forced myself to finish it 
health neg 869.txt these clic glasses are a great idea.. . i first saw them on csi-ny , and sought them out , but they are not made big enough.. . they worked fine as long as i was looking down , but as soon as i turned my head level , or looking up , the glasses would " pop " apart . i had purchased two pair , and returned them both 
music pos 779.txt i do n't own this cd . i do n't have to own it to review it , because this music is the soundtrack of my high school years . i lived this music . i listened to it while cruising the local shopping center indulging in - er - various activities . half of the bands on this cd i had the privilege of seeing perform live in the 70s . this is what fm radio sounded like back then . every single song on this cd was well known to me and my friends . yes , even black oak arkansas ( hot and nasty ! ) , nazareth ( get hair of the dog cd for more ) , and the runaways ( hot babes ! ) . oh , and i love the movie too . party on , dudes 
music pos 403.txt this disc dates from monk 's early period before he achieved recognition and started to descend into a long series of formulaic recordings for columbia . so it 's valuable from that point of view . it 's also a wonderful chance to hear him showcased without horns although the standard is perhaps not quite as high as the trio blue note recordings that immediately preceded it . the best tracks both from a musical and recording quality view point are an extended blue monk , which many consider the definitive version , and a lovely unaccompanied just a gigolo , which anticipates later solo masterpieces such as alone in san francisco . sweet and lovely is in a similarly reflective vein . much of the rest of the album has a forceful , driving quality , with aggressive use of dissonance in places - even for monk . a particular highlight is monk tearing through these foolish things 
camera neg 389.txt i was not satisfied with the quality of the digital pictures on this ziga digital frame . i returned it 
camera pos 694.txt this item is cute . my only complaint is that it really can only hold the camera . there is no space for an extra card or battery . it does however have a convenient belt clip on the back that you could also attach a shoulder strap to . 
music pos 89.txt this is some great music from a litte know movie . you wo n't be let down 
health pos 389.txt i pumped exclusively with my first child and had no need for disposable pads b / c washable ones were sufficient . with my second child , i did both and i found these to be the best b / c washable ones are not enough . they are large so wo n't shift when you roll in bed . they are very absorbent though i have woken up a couple times trenched . they are very thin and discreet . other pads are not as big so not enough overage . i never bother with the adhesives b / c they do n't work . they are a must for nursing moms and pumping moms in the first few month when you have lots of milk . i just wished they were softer and less paper like 
health pos 613.txt i 've used this product with two of my children with out problems . i have never had a leak unlike with some of the other brands . suggestions : write the date on the bag before you start to pump or a nurse once suggested that you use labels . also , never fill the bag ! it 's only meant to hold 6 oz . these bags are much thicker than the gerber bags and they are the only ones to have the double zipper . i used these liners with my avent disposable system and standard bottles . i 've gone through over 600 of these bags and i must say amazon has the best price around 
software pos 632.txt i have used this product for over a year now . the reason i bought it was for the back up software . email was a secondary consideration . let me talk about the back up for a moment . it is quick to download and about that easy to start using . the set up can be done in two ways . either by default , or manual . i chose the default version which covers my home folders and it automatically backs up everything to my external hard drive at a time of my choosing . it will also set up a seperate version of a back up of vital stuff to an online storage for you that you get when you buy .mac as well . restoring a lost file could n't be easier . just click on restore and the locate the file ( or files ) you want to restore . the program is set up so that everything is named exactly as you originally named it on your hard drive . you do n't have to look for your file name in a long string of code . just select it and click restore . it will either put it in the exact place of your old file or in new location of your choosing . i have n't really messed with the other features yet , but the email is spam free and has been my default email for over a year now with out any problems . hope you buy the service and will enjoy it as much as i have 
dvd pos 585.txt great movie with great sound and visuals . what it on a hd tv and get blown awa 
music neg 971.txt when i first saw this album i thought " heavy d....without the boyz ? ! that ca n't be a good thing . " here 's the problem with this album : heavy d took the " jiggy " route . when i heard " big daddy " for the first time , i thought it was pretty tight and that it had that heavy d feel to it . so after hearing that , i went and copped the disc . when i got home and read the liner notes , my jaw hit the floor . there was heavy d....smoking cigars , iced out , and playing the big willie role ( the popular theme for the " jiggy " crowd in ' 97 ) . at that point , i realized that original mcs were quickly becoming extinct . after years of success with his group , heavy d had jumped the fence while simultaneously alienating his fan base all at the same time . that might not have been such a bad thing had this album been at least somewhat decent . there are about three tracks on the entire album that are even worth a listen . there 's a lot of lazy and predictable production ( we 're talking obscene amounts of beat jacking ) . on " i 'll do anything " heavy d and tony dofat completely jacked hall & oates for their tune " i ca n't go for that ( no can do ) " and it only gets worse throughout the album ( i wo n't even get into how the gap band 's " yearnin ' for your love " was abused on " keep it comin ' " ) . there are n't enough good songs on this album to make heavy 's change of heart seem very believable . avoid this album y'all . it 's not completely terrible , but it comes dangerously close . there are songs that border on wack and there are songs that are completely wack . sadly enough , this can be said for the majority of the songs on this album . i was very disappointed in heavy d and lost a little respect for him after hearing this . i can only reccomend buying this if you can find it used for less than $3.00. otherwise , avoid at all costs . standout tracks : big daddy ( my favorite ) and " you can get it " feat . the lost boyz & soul for rea 
books pos 606.txt i will start this review by noting two things . i greatly appreciated nussbaum 's ' upheavals of thought ' , and i am uncomfortable with the way sex sits in the society i live in . ( but , then , i recognise things in myself that - for good or bad - change my perspective from that of the society i am embedded in . ) but wedekind 's play ' springtime awakening ' should raise alarm bells for most of us . we are sexual beings ( most of us anyway ) and we have to deal with that - learn to accept it within ourselves , learn to share it with others ( it is , of course , the quintessential sharing experience ) , learn to grow with it , learn to let it go .... the easy path to take is to grasp a social ' norm ' and follow it regardless of the morality of that path . societies do present many ' norms ' to a young person developing sexual awareness but not all of these are equally desirable . if nussbaum 's book does nothing else but diminish the acceptability of some of the undesirable ' norms ' , and enhance the more socially responsible ones it will have achieved a great service . there are curious things in this book for me . nussbaum refers to many sources but many of them are male - aristotle , seneca , js mill , dh lawrence .... to be fair , the last chapter is about ' to the lighthouse ' by virginia woolf , and other writers such as andrea dworkin are prominent . however i was surprised that some powerful women writers are totally ignored - where is mary wolstonecraft , where is emma goldman , where is mary shelley ? why is ' maurice ' ( forster ) referred to but not ' the well of loneliness ' ( hall ) ? the chapter on female genital mutilation ( fgm ) is an appalling indictment on the behaviour of some societies . nussbaum has a glancing reference to circumcision ; not surpringly it is glancing for someone who was converted ( so i read ) to judaism . while i would never compare what happens to baby boys with what happens to young women in severity or risk , nevertheless i think the motivations for both practices come from the same source . if , for cultural ( religious ) reasons it is appropriate for jewish boys to be circumcised , i think it is a very dangerous position to take to expect other societies to abandon the practices they see as legitimate , if not mandatory . the chapter on equity and mercy impressed me immensely - it is so balanced i expect many feminists will hate it . but for me , her rare use of a christian quote ( ' forgive them , for they know not what they do . ' ) was a revelation . never before had i seen how compromised that plea is . ( compare with tolstoy : ' it is a wonderful thing to be loved because of oneself , but it is a far more wonderful thing to be loved in spite of oneself . ' ) the fact that often i have other feelings than nussbaum expresses does not concern me , because she often has perspectives that broaden or hone my own thoughts . in the chapter on prostitution and its illegality i had to agree with most of what she writes simply from a libertarian point of view rather than one of morality . the morality issues are complex - perhaps irresolvably complex . just as there are men with ' dangerous ' sexuality , so there are women . perhaps it 's only an issue for men because they demand or expect control . for me , all of nussbaum 's discussions seem to centre on the effects on women that prostitution entails - this is not inappopriate even though it may not be balanced . the problem i see with prostitution is that it panders to the man 's ' need ' to have sex . they can get it on demand . this reduces their sensitivities to the needs of the women in their lives , including the need ( wise or not ) for a woman to have a faithful partner . in australia we had an advisor on women 's affairs to the federal government write a piece in a newspaper where she expressed the view - based on her own practice - that a woman should always make sure her husband knew where the red light district was in a city they were visiting , so he could satisfy his ' need ' when she herself felt incapable . for me this is an appalling suggestion - as if men cannot have self-control and should not be expected to . but , for all of that , like nussbaum i would not see prostitution as worthy of being made illegal . for me this was a thought-provoking read . it had some incredibly ugly things to describe , to consider . but it helped me to structure my thoughts in this difficult area - perhaps it will help me guide my boys as they reach maturity . other recommendations : ' springtime awakening ' - wedekind ' the well of loneliness ' - radclyffe hall ( i hated the outcome of this ) ' matilda ' - mary shelley ( her biographical details are worth exploring too ) ' godwin on wollstonecraft ' - william godwin ( mary shelley 's father ; mary wollstonecraft was her mother ) ' upheavals to thought ' - nussbaum ' living my life ' - emma goldman ' let me alone ' - anna kavan ' conditions of love ' - john armstrong 
music neg 12.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 ' 
dvd pos 449.txt out of the seasons i have seen 1-5 this is my absolute favorite because sophia is my favorite character ans she just shines in this one . she has some classic moments like when she goes to a friends funeral makes up with her friends husbad then comes home to get " lucky " and then married . she leaads a secret life by doing volenteer work at a hospital and many many more great things . the rest of the girls are great also ( as usual ) this is definatley the girls at their bes 
books pos 719.txt stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos - - all of top quality 
health neg 127.txt absolutely no power whatsoever . if you have true back or shoulder pain you are better off with a hand massage or standing under the shower . no power at all in this machine . 
books neg 290.txt it is a very dry book and hard to stay interested in . i am barely able to stay awake while reading it . it does have some interesting things 
camera neg 276.txt i got mine today , and it is being returned today . i had high hopes , given the reviews so far and the supposed improvement in low light sensitivity . i was hoping for an all-in-one device for stills and video . here 's my results : 1 ) stills . pictures are not too bad , but do not compare with a similar 7mp canon sd500 which i own . the zoom works well , focusing is ok , but slow . the pictures themselves have quite a bit of noticeable noise in them , flash or not , like they are all taken at a high iso setting on a regular digital cam . so slight disappointment here . 2 ) video . if this is improved low light sensitivity , i would not have liked to see the results on the hd1 ! video does not even come close to comparing to my regular sony dv camera . focusing is hit or miss , and shake is much more evident at high zoom than with my sony . i really was hoping for the be all end all combo device , but the hd2 does neither very well . ergonomically it is beautiful and fits in one hand very well . the finish is great and the buttons are well placed . but it does n't justify the price or quality misses on the photos and video themselves 
camera pos 228.txt i needed this tripod to use with my 20x50 binoculars since the least movement with 20x magnification causes the subject to wind up outside the viewing field . this tripod works well for that use . it is sturdy , has lots of features and is reasonably priced . however , if you wish to use the tripod for binoculars , a right angle adapter will be needed . i found one on ebay for a few dollars . 
music pos 600.txt in 1976 , my fair lady returned to broadway , in a revival touted as the " 20th anniversary " production . perhaps most famously , this particular revival was the first big professional splash of a young soprano called christine andreas.. . at long last , this much sought-after cast album gets its cd premiere . christine andreas is one of the best eliza 's ever captured on disc , and ian richardson 's performance as beleaguered tutor higgins is full of wit and humour . george rose ( in a tony-winning turn as eliza 's dustman father ) is very enjoyable in his main numbers " with a little bit of luck " and " get me to the church on time " . jerry lanning also makes for a fine freddy , with the winsome " on the street where you live " . this recording also features the " embassy waltz " sequence , which was never included on the obc , and only featured as a bonus track on the reissue of the olc . the production itself heavily recreated the original production , complete with oliver smith 's sets and cecil beaton 's costumes . hanya holm 's choreography was revived thanks to original dance captain crandall diehl . christine andreas picked up a theatre world award for her breakthrough performance . the show opened at the st. james theatre on march 25th 1976 , but later moved to the lunt-fontanne theatre where it closed the following year after 377 performances . the following year , andreas returned to broadway in another important revival , the 1978 production of " oklahoma ! " in which she made a thrilling laurey ( cast album available on rca ) ; before cememting her position as broadway 's ingenue of choice , with the role of frankie frayne in the 1983 revival of " on your toes " ( cast album available on jay / ter ) . more recently , she played marguerite st. just , in the original company of frank wildhorn 's flawed " scarlet pimpernel " ( cast album available on atlantic ) . i heartily recommend this particular my fair lady 
music neg 850.txt the track selection is fine and okay , but the track order is bad . no flow ! proving that he just took popular tracks that other big djs are spinning and sold an album without a smile . the mixing is terrible and abrupt , its basically not mixing . no art there . 
books neg 85.txt this book was great . i especialy liked the chapter where bill sticks a falafel in his co-worker 's hoo-hah . priceless 
books pos 887.txt tony kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of & quot ; the best&quot ; pilots around . his use of case studies of real pilots and real situations includes examples from the military , commercial , and geneal aviation communities . in short , the book is useful for any pilot whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed as a senior airline captain . for many pilots , it will reinforce what they already know and practice but for many , it will provide the opportunity to become & quot ; old&quot ; pilots . if you fly , read the book 
dvd pos 62.txt this is my favorite movie . i like it all : screenplay , director , actors , etc. believe it brilliant 
music neg 392.txt okay , i will admit to liking poor tom , bonzo 's whatever ( it sure beats moby dick ! ) and wearing and tearing , but other than that this is a collection of outtakes that should 've stayed outtakes . low points include we 're gonna groove , the live i ca n't quit you baby , walter 's walk and ozone baby . it 's a shame that traveling riverside blues and hey hey , what can i do were left off this album , and included only in the boxed set reissue - it 's the only place you can find hey hey , what can i do , one of my favorite zeppelin songs , and with riverside blues , you have a choice : shell out $100 to get it , or sit through the crappy bbc sessions album . if you 're obsessed with the band , i guess this would be good for you . but the best version of coda is in the aforementioned $100 boxed set . 
camera neg 62.txt just for the record , my lens has frozen as many others have complained on this and earlier casio models . presently in iraq , i do want to have a camera with me , but am not inclined to send it back in view of the reports of poor customer service . sad . it looked to be a great camera 
music neg 576.txt i do not understand why people are so waxing poetic about this album . there is nothing new or ' fresh ' or ' original ' or at all thought-brovoking about this music , unless you happen to be easily pleased by any simple pseudo-pop sound . i have only recently discovered the world of no-wave music , but i was introduced to it through artists like arab on radar and scissor girls . so when i tried out my first sonic youth album , i was way more than dissapointed . i do n't know how this can be classified as no-wave anymore . sure they show some trait in a few wailing off key guitars and an occasioinal shouted spoken word , but they are all only half-assed and are muddled up in cliche indie pop love tunes that have only been done in every other band . the most notable anything is the catchy medlody of becuz . it is really catchy , yet it managaes to be unique enough to rise above the typical " catchy tunes " ethos . xiu xiu 's " knife play " would probably be considered more of a pop / no-wave sound that does not sacrifice the aggressive anti-music drive of no-wave.. . and still retain the emotional pop sinsibility . i do n't know. . all i know is that wasing machine is a letdown . it does not reach me artistically by a long shot . emotionally , i can think of am million other artists ( mars volta , emerson lake & palmer , clouddead , ulver , edvard greig ! ) who can put me on a much higher cloud and help me get in touch with the human condition . this however is far to cheezy , and i do n't know , but i think it reeks of that shallow indie fashion clique. . 
books neg 365.txt mr. shirley sneaks into iran , hiding in the box of a truck , where he should have stayed . he spends 3 or 4 days in iran , most of it trying not to be seen . he walks around for a few hours . he speaks to 3 or 4 truckdrivers , 2 or 3 shopkeepers , and a few assorted others , from which he assembles a complete picture and understanding of the political and social infrastructure of iran . along the way he explains , on just about every other page , how the cia is a complete failure in every facet of it 's existence , how all the career people in it 's employ are arrogant idiots who are devoid of all compassion and intellect . he explains each of the cia 's mistakes , along with his explanation of what they ought to have done . he is , of course , ex cia himself , having left it because no one there understood anything about anything 
music pos 311.txt for real , you gotta give this man props . i repect him and his music , but it 's not my style . he still managed to make this a good album , so it 's all good . much repect . 
camera neg 508.txt i bought this for my 9 year old son to take movies and edit on the pc . it worked for about 2 days before there was no image from the lens to either the lcd or the viewfinder . i could see other information on the lcd , such as the date , time , menu , but no image from the screen . i called samsung and that is where it is now for repairs . a check of the web indicated that this problem is well documented . i did try to install the software that came with the camera , but that did not go to well either . i will retry when i get a working camera again . 
books neg 791.txt having recently graduated with a ba in english , i am forever doomed to read such so-called " truth texts " with what could only be called an eye for detail ; does the author site her sources ? credentials ? any sort of solid evidence as to why i , as her reader , should believe a word of what she says ? the answer is , simply , no . ms. cumbey quotes other texts by other zealotous fundamentalists , to be sure . however , the credentials of these people remain a mystery . anyone can write a book , and anyone with enough money can get it published . had i the funds , i could write a " revealing , riveting best seller " on the nature of human genomes and cloning and my opinions of the matter ; throw in a few quotes by people who may or may not sound like they know what they 're talking about , and there you go . the point is , my knowledge of such topics is sorely limited , as is ms. cumbey 's research . yet somehow a book that would never earn a passing grade in a collegiate literature course for lack of research and depth of understanding is littering our shelves . well , i 'm baffled 
dvd neg 88.txt personally , i found 8 1 / 2 to be one of the most boring films i 've ever seen . it was a pretentious , self-indulgent trip down the director 's memory lane . i understood the plot , and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end , but overall was bored silly by stilted , pointless dialogue . having said that , the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching . perhaps 8 1 / 2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment :p 
dvd neg 34.txt i saw this movie years ago , but did n't remember much about it , except some of the songs , and the basic story . i also saw " nights of cabiria " , from which the story was taken . i love musicals , and i think shirley maclaine is very talented . she is very sweet as charity hope valentine , and one ca n't help wanting a happy ending for her . so why did i think this movie was awful ? first of all , some of the dialogue was so repetitious it became irritating- - how many times can you listen to charity say " fickle finger of fate " over and over without wanting to hit the mute button ? also , some of the scenes went on and on and on- - especially the elevator scene . and- - the intermission was totally unnecessary . but the worst disappointment for me was the musical numbers . i did n't like any of them- - - they were so far over the top as to be silly . bob fosse must have thrown everything into them that he could- - - instead of letting the dancers and the songs carry the numbers , he had so much busyness in all of them- - too many people , costumes that did n't fit the story , silly moves- - and they all went past the point of enjoyment . i fast forwarded thru a couple of them just to get them over with . i have never done that before with any movie . this could have been so much better- - the story was good , the charactors were good- - but the whole thing should have been toned down . the movie could have been 30 minutes shorter if there had been some trimming . it was entirely too long . also- - - all that stop action- - what was that all about ? i know , i know- - it was to show the progress of the story , but it was a distraction . i did n't like the movie and was glad when it was over . 
dvd pos 757.txt tihs dvd truly has incredible camerawork , and fully illustrates the intelligence and beauty of dolphins , but some things people do n't realize about dolphins kept in captivity need to be told . please take the time to read this . many dolphins you see in aquariums and swim-with programs and circuses around the world often come from brutal drive hunts , during which dolphins are rounded up into very tight nets concealing them , and are dragged ashore making it easier to violently wrestle them into slings . these dolphins captured , while they may be smiling in appearance ( which is the way their faces were genetically designed ) , are ripped away from their beloved podmates and torn from their environment . how would you like to be a dolphin who once lived in a vast sea of blue and then suddenly be taken into a shallow pool of water , forced to live with the loud sounds of people screaming , the filtration system running , and very little space to swim ? in the process of capturing dolphins for human entertainment , many die in the process . stress severely affects a dolphin 's body , and many suffer irreperable damage to their hearts in the execution . on top of that , dependent calves ( baby dolphins ) who have spent the entirety of their lives with their mothers , often get torn from them , leaving them helpless , even if they are released . while you can clearly see in the film that many of the dolphins appear to be having fun , would it not be too much to consider the fact that they might miss their former companions ? are they really happier stuck in a cement tank forced to perform tricks in order to be fed ? keep this in mind the next time you visit an aquarium or swim-with program . for dolphins captured in japan , the industry has been given permits to slaughter a number of them needlessly in the process by the government . i believe this film spends too little time in the beginning addressing the human threat to dolphins . over 7 , 000 , 000 dolphins have died at the hands of humans since the late 1950s . i think a few minutes at the beginning of the film does n't nearly suit the need to inform the audience of the issue . tuna fisheries , whose products are falsely labeled as " dolphin-safe " ( there are established ' kill minimums ' now for tuna companies ) need to be exposed . intentional killings in japan ( especially ) , south america , and all over the world need to be publicized . but i also understand that this is a family film , mainly , but i think it is also important to inform young viewers of the problems dolphins face with humans . they are the ones who will need to make the difference in the future . please just remember this next time you watch this film . while dolphins are valued by many , they are targeted by many as well as a way of easy money-making . this film is more of a sugar-coated production , although it certainly is beautiful , as are the dolphins seen in the flim . i would recommend a film entitled " dolphin defender " for those who seek some informative footage behind the scenes to what really happens to dolphins in drive hunts . 
camera pos 25.txt this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close 
camera neg 622.txt these are not pioneer boxes . these are mbi boxes . i bought them and was very disappointed since i also have bought pioneer boxes before , and when i compared with the mbi , the latter one is much less sturdy and even the index cards are flimpsy compared with the pioneer's . do not buy these . also , adorama 's customer service is very unfriendly in regard to making their customers satisfied . they insist that they are the same , that i need to return them on my cost , because of their mistake . they flew from one reason to another with blame from that they have never carried pioneer products , to amazon 's mistake in naming them pioneer . but then their own website also has named them pioneer . anyway , just reconsider about buying any products from this company . it 's not worth it , considering the shipping is outrageously high . it is my honest opinion . 
music pos 113.txt too bad this group supported by keith sweat did n't go any further . i bought it for one song , but the whole cd is great for listening . lyrics contain songs about love and such , and i like they way speak about it . it gives you something to look forward to . 
health neg 14.txt be sure to measure your arm before purchasing.. . it 's annoying to receive the unit with the standard adult arm cuff ( fits arms 9 to 13 inches around ) and find out i have to order a larger arm cuff ! do n't bother calling omron " customer service " at 1-800-634-4350... just a typical big company voice mail hell ! it even tells you to call another number to order the piece.. . my 1 star rating is only for the ordering information not provided and omrons " customer service 
camera neg 753.txt my cheap 10x50 rugged exposure brand binoculars give me a better view . the rubber eye cups did not stay folded back for use with my glasses and i could n't get my glasses close enough to eleviate the round " binocular effect " . i did a side-by-side comparison with my cheap binocs and liked the cheap ones better - my vision is not that bad either . maybe with perfect vision they would work for , but i doubt it 
health neg 972.txt nothing but problems with unit since i received it . either it did not work when i went to use it or it had lost its memory and had to be recalibrated all over again . never had the same weight reading twice ! the only reason i rated it with 1 star is because it would not let me enter anything less 
books neg 248.txt god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic . and yes , maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book 's great reputation , i entered it with high expectations . - which the book however did not satisfy . yes , it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time , a lampoon of the courtship ritual , and of course oh so witty , blah blah blah , but it just was n't my cup of tea . the main character was likeable , but that aside , i found it completely insufferable to read through , and absolutely painfully boring . every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted , let alone the ending . not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with , " then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea , walked and talked and had more tea , then got married and lived happily ever after . " the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama . it would save more time just to watch a chick flick . so if you 're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters , witnessing the agony over who 's going to marry who ( even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance ) , then this is the book for you ! ! if not , then i suggest picking up some dan brown . 
dvd neg 262.txt in 1973 , director nicholas roeg took a daphne du maurier story about a strained family situation , added a child in a red coat and some superlative direction , cast wonderful , talented actors such as donald sutherland and julie christie , and produced a seminal and classic piece of seventies horror , the unmissable " do n't look now " . six years later , cronenberg - obviously , oh so obviously having been influenced by the starkly pared-down imagery and understated elegance of the roeg picture - decided to put his own markedly different spin on a terribly similar theme , with disasterously boring results . to synopsise the plot : frank carveth 's estranged wife is crazy , and undergoing unconventional therapy at her psychiatrist 's controversial institute . suspecting her of abusing their daughter , he removes her from his wife 's care , to the strenuous objections of her shrink . several people connected to wifey 's emotionally crippling past begin to show up dead , and carveth finds himself fighting to save his daughter from her crazy mother 's ' other ' set of kids . so it 's david cronenberg . so what ? performances and direction , as well as screenplay , are all simply mundane . there 's barely a shred of the sleek , polished talent we have come to recognise as david cronenberg , and what we have instead is a sort of mishmash of some of the better aspects from classic american horror movies , as seen through the obviously tired eyes of the writer / director . it 's almost got the sense of isolation of ' the shining ' , but there are too many incidental characters . it 's almost got the same sense of murder-by-numbers as ' hallowe'en ' , but lacks the decisive action of that movie . it 's close to the stark imagery and sense of motherhood-gone-awry as ' carrie ' ( and even the lead actress bears a striking resemblance to piper laurie ! ) , but samantha eggar 's performance is too overblown . makeup effects , too , are over-ambitious for the time and fail to create any sense of impact or drama , in that they just look silly . of course , you could say the same for ' the exorcist ' , nowadays , but where that film still has the incredible strength of ellen burstyn 's and linda blair 's performances , all ' the brood ' has to go on is some deformed alien-figures that hiss a lot . it 's not good . in short , where a movie matters most , ' the brood ' fails wholly to deliver , instead regaling us with 90 or so minutes of unfulfilling cinema . a note on the subtext : it 's difficult to feel any sort of respect for the social commentary contained herein . sure , topics like the state of the nuclear family and the negative effects of a mother 's love are riveting things , when handled properly . unfortunately , when the package and presentation are so obviously hollow and overdone , who could care less about subtext ? i couldn't . 
books pos 878.txt i am a huge thomas hardy fan , and i was not disappointed with this book . at first all the technical astronomical information was slow , but the love story started and that was forgotten . my only complaint about two on a tower is the ending . it seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages . it was n't realistic for viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later , considering she was only 33 at the end of the story . sir constantine was possessive , jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him . the bishop was full of himself - how is that worse ? a few years with him and all of a sudden she 's an old woman with a heart condition ? swithin comes back and says he 'll marry her , she 's overcome with joy and boom ! she dies in his arms . i also find it strange that neither swithin or viviette acknowledged that the boy was his . did n't people in the village realize who he looked like , since people were already suspicious of the lovers ? what will happen next , swithin takes his son in and marries tabitha lark ? a very good , sad , complicated romance 
software pos 493.txt the product came well-packaged and unopened . i really needed instructions on how to open the packaging . but once i got it opened and installed , the product works as well as promised . the set-up and ribbon menu is a lot more user-friendly than 2003. i downloaded the trial version that microsoft had offered , and i must say that this is the best office product offered by microsoft to date 
software pos 464.txt i bought this niv study bible and really enjoy the options it provides : daily memorization . morning and evening meditation and many different ways to " read the whole bible in a year.. . read " ot nt ps and pr. in a year " . n.t. in six months " . " daily light on a daily path " . etc. there are many ways to approach your daily study . easy to navigate and can even highlight in colors . i would recommend this for anyone who wants to take the bible with them on the road or to work or wherever you take your palm pilot . 
dvd neg 758.txt a french saying goes : " the more things change , the more they stay the same . " it appears that the " historical " epic film of yesteryear is still much like that of today in that " poetic " license is taken to the extreme in passing outright lies and fabrications as truth . one of the things that really turned my stomach watching this is d w griffith 's emphasis at least twice during the film that he did not intend to offend any race but wanted to show historical events and yet goes on to portray outright falsehoods as truth . firstly , we all know that this cameron dude did not start the kkk and that this organisation has its roots in indiana and not south carolina . secondly , the kkk is not the defender of the south and there is no need to " purify " the race as is portrayed here the exact words used by d w is " preserve the aryan race . " modern science , using cutting edge dna research has already proved that we all come from the same african man about 60 , 000 years ago and so any racial distinctions are not only ethically wrong but factually wrong as well . like it or not , we are all related and separated only by about 2000 generations despite our seemingly outward physical differences and have a common ancestor . some of the portrayals of blacks as alcoholics and white women predators with behaviours more akin to monkeys i found extremely revolting and shocking and leaves me completely unsurprised that riots and lynchings quickly followed the screenings of this movie . yes , this movie may have been the first feature length movie that used a number of novel techniques but does this excuse the content ? this is not akin to an einstein discovering relativity folks ; every single " good " thing about this movie would have been " discovered / invented " with or without d w . eventually and very probably very soon after . every one of the techniques used would have eventually been used by any of the later , talented directors of the time . the overall lies , attempts to justify racism and the murderous kkk more than make this film fit for the dust bin than for immortality in movie 's great hall of fame . they say that racists are not born but bred ; this is why i 'm not at all surprised at what d w griffith has done here . his father was considered a " hero " of the confederate army where he served as a colonel . i 'm sure as a bitter loser of the great war , he must have taught his son his belief system and how to be a great racist . this movie has not been preserved all that well with many scenes being either too bright or too dark and the soundtrack is too loud and it 's quite irritating to have to keep hearing mendelssohn 's overtures over and over again . in conclusion , the question this movie raises is does freedom of expression mean it 's okay to make a mockery of history to further a racist directors ' world view ? also , do you buy the fact that just because this is the first movie that 's longer than an hour mean that this should be revered for all time despite its extremely offensive and destructive message ? like i said before none of the " techniques " that this film claims to have " discovered " are earth-shattering discoveries that would have required a genius to uncover anyway . so the bottom line is we have here an extremely racist and hate-inducing film that caused a lot more damage than good ; d w griffith 's legacy / mess 
books neg 735.txt overall , i found this book disappointing . in its defense , its basic thesis of the movement of jewish american orthodoxy towards the ` right ' ( more closed and intensely religious ) is interesting , and i am sure accurate , and heilman 's analysis of its evolution is insightful and well-researched . however , i was extremely bothered by the lack of any attempt to portray hareidi society through the prism of its own value system , or in fact any attempt to understand their values at all . heilman accepts his own world view as absolute and obvious to the reader , and in this context denigrates a society with an entirely different set of goals and aspirations . examples of this include his assumption of the primacy of feminism and the worth of secular culture . hareidi society has its own worldview which , although too complex to elaborate on here , has valid and very real reasons for its hierarchy of values , reasons which heilman completely disparages or ignores . ( for an example of a book that is not written by a religious author , yet is able to appreciate hareidim from their own perspective try " real jews " by noah efron ) . in general , i found his view of religion as a mere sociological construct ( i.e. a defensive reaction to the holocaust ) to be grossly insensitive to the hareidi intense religious belief founded on thousands of years of tradition . the latter half of the book i found a pathetic attempt to draw conclusions from insignificant pieces of information . for example the juxtaposition of poster a condemning something to a poster advertising b implies that poster a is condemning b as well . or two posters ( put out by the same company ) advertising two different types of music indicates that the community is embattled over the appropriateness of one type of music . in conclusion , although i eagerly awaited this book and found a fraction of it interesting and intelligent , my overall impression is negative due to the authors biased approach and manipulative use of insignificant information . 
software pos 658.txt i have used mcafee antivirus for years and it is an excellent product . i bought the suite this time and found it will not allow you to run a different firewall ( zonealarm ) in my case . that is the only negative i have found so far . the mcafee firewall seems sufficient so far 
books pos 366.txt private eye philip marlowe is asked for help to get to mexico by terry lennox . marlowe likes lennox and agrees to help him , but later lennox commits suicide in the small mexican town of otatoclan . but why was lennox driven to such extremes ? later on , marlowe is asked for his assistance in keeping the alcoholic writer roger wade on the staight-and-narrow . this is not really marlowe 's line of work , but he becomes entangled in the case especially as connections with lennox begin slowly to emerge . this is a longer , more ambitious novel by chandler albeit displaying the same cynical , tough edge as the other marlowe novels i 've read . the greater length allows chandler more space for character development and reflection . the danger of this is that the novel could have felt over-extended , but for me it didn't . the ending did not come as a total surprise , but as with every other chandler novel i 've read , enjoyment of the journey rather than satisfaction at the quality of the destination is the important thing . g rodger 
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed ! 
dvd pos 802.txt this dvd of the wiggles is my 21 / 2 year old grandsons favorite . he watches it every day and never tires of it . i enjoy watching it with him . the wiggles are great entertainment for people of all ages . i do n't think you can go wrong with the wiggles 
software neg 331.txt i am a novice at web page creating and i am overly glad i tried the free web trial ( of course i lied about my address and my first born etc. that you must give to just get the so called " free " trial ) this is the worst web page editor for not so with it people . it does not look anything even close to what frontpage had and again i am highly disappointed with it . where are the themes , web counters and the other simple to understand components ? i did try namo web editor and for people like me , it is very good . this may be wonderful for those of you who are very web page saavy but again if you are a novice do n't get this or uprgrade to it , you will be highly disappointed 
books pos 191.txt this truly excellent collection of singer 's stories ( all originally composed in the yiddish language ) are as colorful as the people about whom the stories were written . here are tales of weddings , of jokesters , of happy occasions of all variety , of feuding farmwives , and of unrepentant fools . after reading through a handful of singer 's works , a person gets the feeling of how it must have been to live as a jew in eastern europe a hundred years ago . this was a culture rich in its traditions and lore , a people who loved life and kept their identity through good times and bad . singer , himself born and raised in the region so many of his short stories describe , was one of very few authors i would unhesitantly dub " a human treasure " 
music pos 32.txt nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u 
health neg 695.txt before the very first filter ever even finished , it started to crack all over.. . cheap produc 
camera pos 516.txt the battery works as specified , the pricing was excellent and the order came in very timely . i 'm completely satisfied with this product and vendor 
dvd pos 980.txt i received this in a speedy manner . and it was in great condition . i would buy from this person again 
music neg 281.txt i am a 23 yr old mother of a 2 1 / 2 yr old . not only are these children horrible singers , but there is a reason that most parents do n't let their children listen to the original songs.. . they teach them things they do n't need to know . i thought this would be a " kids " version that would get rid of that stuff when i let a child i was babysitting put the cd on.. . and was appalled at how much they talked about sex and other innappropriate things for children . they did n't take that out ! children are exposed to that every day in our world now , telling them it is " normal " and " ok " . parents have a big enough job to teach their children right and wrong with the way the world is today . it becomes a much harder job when you give them something that is for " kids " that teaches them that those things are " normal " . they assume if it is ok for a kids cd , it ca n't be that bad . i think this is horrible and would never spend a penny on it for a child ! some of the songs i like in the originial version and do listen to , and this cd has ruined them ! but when it comes to children who are too young to understand that it is just a song and does n't mean what they say is ok.. . i think it is the worst thing you could buy for your child 
dvd neg 273.txt do not buy ! ! ! great movie bad studio ! ! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit . the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet . do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director ! ! ! 
health neg 138.txt this is a nice idea , but the individual components are poor in quality . the nasal aspirator does n't get enough suction . of course , i 've never found an aspirator at the store that did work as well as the one we got from the hospital . do yourself a favor and just ask for an extra one before you 're discharged from the hospital . second , the thermometer takes forever to get a reading , and it does n't beep or anything to let you know it 's finished . the clippers are okay , but i 've definitely used better ones that were just a buck or two . never used the medicine dropper because the pharmacy gives you one for free when you get a prescription , and other baby medications ( tylenol , motrin , pediacare , etc ) come with their own specially calibrated dispensers . the medicine spoon ? give me a break . my daughter balked at that one the one time i did try to use it 
books pos 571.txt a very intense book on print making . a must have book for serious artists , who want to expand in their field . lots and lots of contacts in back of book maiking it easy to find anyone you need for print making ! a 
music neg 111.txt i agree with all the other reviewers .. nice quality recording for its time considering it was in the vaults for decades ..great playing from all concerned ( except the cursed drummer ) , i cannot imagine what poor jerry gemmot went through with that drummer .. he should have been dismissed immediately ..or shot ..it would have sounded better without him .. gawd ' awful .. spoils the whole dang thing .. any way .. i cannot listen to this anymore without getting uncomfortable , so it 's back to soul of a man , re-kooperation , live adventures , super session , and kooper sessions with shuggie 
dvd pos 365.txt all of these bad reviews confuse a movie they did n't like with a badly made movie . this is a very well made movie , with perfectly competent performances . the tone is quite serious , and the ending wo n't cheer anyone up . but then there are many people who loved titanic , which i found utterly depressing . more to the point , though , who cares about the problems of these rich kids ? not me . the real reason to watch this is to see molly ringwald at her most beautiful . and if you enjoy this film , check out less than zero , another gloomy but solid ( & underrated ) ' 80s film . the worst ' 80s film is bright lights , big city - do n't say i did n't warn you ! 
software pos 916.txt really great ! beautiful graphics , easy to follow instructions , levels to keep us going . very fun and challenging 
music neg 37.txt i felt like i was taking a piss on myself the whole time i listened to this album . what happened to the 40 water of the old days that used to rap with spice 1 , 2pac , and mc breed ? this clone of 40 raps with the likes of lil jon ( wack as hell ) , washed up 80 year old too short , and a bunch of losers i have never heard of . the album only gets props because eightball and mjg are on the album and ugk . and they almost played themselves by appearing on this god awful so called " album " . e-40 has fallen into this commercial west coast version of crunk called " hyphy " in attempts to breathe life into his lifeless career . the album has some decent beats on it but there is no kind of lyrical content to be found anywhere . e-40 would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a krs-one cd . this cd is wack simple and plain , pee-40 is a beat waster , and he needs to find the nearest car wash and start drying off cars ! ! 
software neg 439.txt i always thought the laborious interviews in turbotax were pretty ridiculous , now i 've seen the opposite . taxcut online seems totally not thorough , such as just asking for total of certain things , and not asking if special circumstances apply , which you do n't miss at all until you have one of them . i had almost completely finished my taxes and got to the business use of home . i moved half way through the year . i could n't find where to add an additional home office listing . " nope , ca n't do it " said support after an hour long chat session of mostly waiting , " you 'll have to use another product . " so today i start from scratch and pay the $99 ransom that turbotax is charging small business owners . i encourage the competition to get their shizzle together next year . s : 
music pos 755.txt from the manic whirlwind prelude to the shocking cake and sodomy , portrait of an american family is an album that stands on its own two feet as being catchy and memorable . cake and sodomy dishes out the obscene gestures , lunchbox is told with a twist of humor , organ grinder is pleasing vocally , cyclops is addictingly wild , get your gunn is catchy ( if not overly insulting ) , dope hat is great and fierce , and my monkey is hysterically enjoyable . snake eyes and sissies is another winner , easy to get lost in . the rest all work to varying degrees , though not as appealing . every song on this album is worth listening to , from fast paced and rock style to techno overload . 
camera pos 90.txt i cannot help but giggle when i saw comments like " great lens for the money " . it is selling for $440 at here , even on so-called clearance . however , one can easily find the same lens at least $50 cheaper at some decent online camera store , such as b&h , ritz camera , etc. sad amazon. . 
health neg 16.txt i am amazed that all these so-called health foods will add artery-clogging " palm kernel oil " as an ingredient . do n't buy anything with palm kernel oil , cocoa butter , and anything hydrogenated ! ! no matter how many " organic " things are added to it . for many years now , it has been established that palmitic acid carbon atoms increase the risk of coronary heart disease . the world health organization in its report states there is convincing evidence that palmitic oil consumption contributes to an increased risk of developing of cardiovascular diseases . 
dvd neg 545.txt i saw tarzan the ape man on hbo or cinemax when i was a teenager and it is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it was stupid and had no plot 
health pos 826.txt i have a pretty complicating sleep schedule because of my graveyard shift at our local convenient store , with school and all it 's kind of hard keeping my sleep schedule straight . i 've tried many sleep aids and this one worked the best for me , no grogginess which is totally awesome for the days i have class early ! 
books neg 195.txt this collection of poems , tho representing a fine breadth of dickenson 's works , is in final assessment a crime against the poet 's great talent . as is freely admitted in the introduction , the editor , mr. higginson , & quot ; worked on the mechanics of the poems by smoothing out the rhymes and meter , changing the line arrangements , and rewriting the dialect of the local area . &quot ; this is a free admission of the book 's guilt , having adulterated dickenson 's original poems in both content and form . gone are the nuances and passions that make dickenson one of the best american writers . gone are the premeditated dashed and capitalizations that add depth and intensity to the poems ' meanings . and , worst of all , gone or altered are many lines that contribute to the unique vision of the artist . as thomas h . johnson says in the introduction to & quot ; the complete poems of emily dickenson , & quot ; a representative mid-nineteenth century traditionalist was being asked to judge the work of a wholly new order of craftsman . . . which he was not equipped to estimate . &quot ; do yourself a favor and avoid this text . instead , find one that is true to the original poems , one which preserves the intent and stylistic genius of the author , and one which will give you the full and lasting effect of emily dickenson 
camera pos 738.txt the bushnell perma focus 7x50 wide angle binoculars were the ideal choice for my recent trip to tanzania and the serengeti . they worked perfectly for the application needed . a really happy surprise on just how well these worked . as we bounced around on dirt roads and cross country in land rovers , the perma focus feature was outstanding and made things simple and easy ! : - ) the magnification level was perfect for almost every scenario we came across . anything that was outside of about 80 feet came through in crystal clear vivid color and clarity . it really made for up close and personal viewing of all the animals we saw . by far , these were the best investment i made before the trip ! i ca n't imagine being without them now on such an expedition . really fantastic performance and a great value to boot ! ! ! ! the vendor was fast & flawless in the transaction too . in my opinion you wo n't be disappointed with these binoculars . troy : - ) 
camera neg 939.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product 
music neg 84.txt no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts 
books neg 810.txt this booklet has a lot of warner brothers drawings , but it does n't delve into the specifics of creating animation very well . i 'd recommend getting the animator 's survival kit instead as it has tons of good and well explained info on the art of creating your own animation 
camera pos 800.txt this was my first digital camera , and after reading everything i could get my hands on to read about digital cameras i chose this one . it so happens that the last 35mm camera i owned for years was also an olympus 
music neg 365.txt bands from the 90s just sucked and nirvana fits in with that . they had a couple of ok songs and kurt cobain was some what talented but this is nothing to get excited about . i can not for the life of me see the things people see that just go off about how great they were . i do n't see it . this is another cd in a long line of cds from the 90s that are a disgrace to music . 
books pos 905.txt this book does a fine job explaining the facts of biblical archaeology . the latest discoveries are listed which makes it a solid addition to the book & quot ; the bible as history . &quot 
health neg 226.txt the mirror did not work , the lights and clock did not work and i did contact the seller who told me to send it back but since the mirror had been taken out of the box and the box was totally messed up , i would have to get a new box and take it to the ups place to send it which would have cost me about another $10 and quite frankly , it was just not worth the time nor the money 
dvd pos 886.txt like stuart gordon 's other venture into science fiction territory , the underrated and ill-fated robot jox , this is a nifty little film that was plagued by production difficulties and failed to find a theatrical distributor , which is a shame because its quite an enjoyable viewing experience . everyone joins in the fun in this one , with dennis hopper delivering some unexpectedly funny bits of dialog , debi mazar and stephen dorff providing reliable 2nd banana support and charles dance having the time of his life with his horny half-metal madman . this excellent dvd offers a chance to see this little sleeper in a great looking print with a fascinating and funny commentary by the director . 
camera neg 73.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight 
camera neg 340.txt this frame is just ok you have to resize all your pictures and the quality is not good at all you are just better off paying the extra $75 and getting the phillip 
camera neg 395.txt i was extremely disappointed with this product ; i felt very let down by sony , because for years i bought sony items with confidence , knowing that anything produced by them would be good and reliable . this item only goes to prove that sony 's standards have dropped and , as such i will use considerable caution when buying anthing else of theirs . what lets this product down is the lack of distance one can be before the sound breaks up ; 2 metres ( not 45 metres as stated on the wrapping ) was the best i could do , and that was in a straight line . no , all this item is fit for is the rubbish bin 
health pos 786.txt i bought this straightner at walmart for about the same price found on amazon and i really like it . i bought it mostly to curl my hair like my stylist does . i wanted a chi , but i could n't pass this one up for the price . i ' ve only used it a couple of times but it straightens well and can be used to curl my hair as well . a good product for the price ! ! 
health neg 808.txt the nose trimmer works well , but the electric razor not well at all . does not cut at all . i would suggest the nose trimmer but not the razor . the cost was a little high for the product 
music neg 300.txt the " drummer " ( more like " the anti-drummer " ) on this is johnny cresci . he is maddeningly lacking in even basic garage band ability , and literally has no idea what a 6 / 8 blues meter is . how he landed on the same stage with these legends may be the musical mystery of all time . for me , mr. " clueless " cresci makes it nearly impossible to enjoy the brilliant performances going on despite his anti-rhythmic upchucking.....kinda like driving an aston martin with a flat tire ! i have tried to get beyond cresci 's chops for over a year of listening now , and i simply ca n't do it . if you 're a musician , his playing will make you extremely agitated . i 'm gonna have to trade this in , and go on listening to live adventures like i have for the past 37 years . this would have been much better with the drum tracks totally muted on the 6 / 8 numbers . granted , this is an historically significant release , but i think it should have stayed in the vault , or released with johnny cresci having been digitally removed or replaced 
camera pos 789.txt the lens adaptor threads on very easily and i 've not seen any loss in color or light from using this filter 
books pos 758.txt the hebrew , aramaic , and greek dictionaries are done very well , compared to the old strong 's concordance i have 
dvd pos 25.txt feeding the cat...those girls shold put on a sweater . love this movie , 50 's detective noir set in 70 's california . the beach , the hospital , mexico , the supermarket , it 's all great - and the theme song keeps going throughout over and over . final scene pays homage to the third man , beautiful . a bit of violence , but " that 's how i treat someone i love , and i do n't even like you " . never seen an elliot gould movie i like more than this , & it 's my favorite altman as well 
software neg 847.txt i have had trouble and no satisfaction with this product . i am downloading grateful dead concerts from the internet . i want to turn them into audio or data cds . sometimes i get a whole concert as one giant file ; i want to cut that into tracks and save it . sometimes i get a bunch of tracks ; i want to combine the songs that " go into " one another ( my car stereo inserts a two-second delay between tracks ) . one of the things i want to do is to save the files ( which are mostly mp3s ) in the same bit rate and format as the originals , so i loose as little " music " as possible . the mp3 codec seems to be really buggy . most of the combinations of bit rates and codec strategies create really wacky files : some go 5 / 6 normal speed , others are compressed into chopped up shortened versions of the original . when i pick a combination of settings that work , i usually lose a lot of fidelity as compared to the original ( even when i 'm only combinining four mp3 's into one ) . try cutting one mp3 into two , and then recombining the parts into a whole . no matter what i try , there 's a little click in the place where the two files are joined . this should be an easy thing , since a lot of very basic editing is cutting and splicing . the upshot is , buying this was $40 down the drain . i 'm going to have to find better software for my purposes 
software neg 389.txt picassa , part of the google suite of programs , is both better than this program and free ! what more do i need to add ? the user interface of picassa is easier to use and more responsive 
dvd pos 114.txt i liked this movie when i first saw it and i seen it about 10 times.. . i like to watch any movie that involves gangs ( especially bloods & crips ) so i can learn from them.. . if you 're looking or are just a collector like me of gang movies.. . you may not want this one in your collection.. . becuase to me , it does n't show enough bloods & crips in it... . the characters are fictional....there are some minor gangs in it as well called the white fences ( latino / hispanic gang - i 've never heard of this gang , so i do n't know if they are true or not . ) . the actors who play the gang members of the white fences are good actors though.. . i think they are better then don cheadle and wayans who play crip members.. . this movie centers more on white fence and their rivalry w / crips.. . there 's not too much focus on bloods in here.. . it also more focuses on sean penn 's character and robert duvall too ( good cop / bad cop ) , and penn on how he falls in love w / a former gangmember woman in the white fence gang . colors is a good watch...i just wish it had more gang focus in it...and more gang sets ( chapters , i.e. eight tray gangsters , hoover , etc.. . ) if you 're looking for a good gang buy , buy the book " monster " by sanyika shakur a.k.a. monster kody scott , or " do or die " by leon bing . those 2 books far surpasses this movie. . 
music neg 194.txt i 'm surprised this show got past season 1. honestly , more talent can be found in my local karaoke bar . this show does not discover talent , they produce and market it . it is really demeaning to musicians everywhere . the judges are a joke , i guess the producers tell them what to say . simon " the jerk " cowell tries hard to be rude to everyone , hey...he has made a living out of it . randy jackson 's vocab is limited to " yo " , " yeah " and " dawg " . paula , who 's the only one who i think deserves to even comment on the singers..unfortunately praises everyone , be it for their performance / energy / character / looks / ( fill with any word of your choice ) . all in all , a total disaster...only in shows this sh*tty , can no-talents like william hung be hailed as a celebrity . i am shocked people other than the families of those participating would actually spend time and money voting for these posers . on a more positive note , it 's good that people do n't actually buy the albums , thus resulting in total disappearing acts from idol winners like ruben and fantasia...now we just need the american public to stop tuning in to the shows . well , hope is all we have , right 
software pos 336.txt you learn extremely fast using rosetta stone , and you learn to think about what the word is , not it 's translation . probably the best language system available 
camera neg 571.txt the product features are ok , but the screen is very small . also , the resolution needs to be better . the photos were very grainy . an impressive looking product with not so impressive output 
camera pos 464.txt i always say that there is technology you can use and technology you can impress others with . this model helps you do both . you have a nice 5.1 mp still camera and mpegmovie4tv video . the very fact that you have a camera which you can take both still pictures and video is huge . i never had a video camera before because i hate to carry two camera and a big camera case , so this was the obvious solution . i realize that instead of embracing the moment ( for which they need the memory ) most people often juggle between cameras . cons : * sometimes people might confuse it with camera phone * buttons are harder to find * software is not the best * wish had more zoom pros : * convince * compact * battery lasts long * flash is good * video sound quality is good i wonder why this model has not swept the market - another story of good product and mad marketing 
camera neg 534.txt unfortunately i had to return the unit because it was not designed to be used on a mac 10.4 program ( the tech at the company said he was not aware it was meant to be used by a mac . 
health neg 108.txt the product does not work as it is shown on tv . there are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy . the item was a gift that is now just gathering dust 
camera pos 258.txt i read many reviews at fredmiranda.com before i purchased this lens and i was not dissapointed one bit . i was lucky enough to receive a very sharp copy of this lens on the first try . the macro shots were very sharp and contrasty . the center part is already reaching near maximum sharpness at f2.8 anything beyond f4 is tack sharp . be carefull with this lens though . the dof at f2.8 is extremely narrow . do n't mistaken the out of focus shots for being unsharp . focus properly and crank up the aperture and you 'll get some very satisfying macro shots . the only thing i wish this lens had was image stabilizer . canon , how about a 100mm macro with is ? 
dvd pos 308.txt this is a typical ( semi slapstick ) gaiday film . it is corny , well produced , and will please anyone who enjoys the upper crust of silly comedy . the subtitles are just fine . you do not have to understand any russian to laugh at this movie . buy it , and enjoy 
dvd neg 319.txt i checked this out because i wanted to take a look at what the new doctor who people have been doing in the recent past . the second coming is n't quite as cosmic , but it certainly engages us in some comparable flights of fancy . steve baxter ( christopher eccleston ) has an epiphany one night when he 's out on the town with some mates . he reckons he 's become the son of god and he proceeds to turn night into day at maine road football ground in order to demonstrate his divinely-chosen status ( a bit like david icke , except with powers ) . his immediate friends take their time to come to terms with this and despite becoming the ` new disciples ' some of them - notably judith his girlfriend ( lesley sharp ) - remain sceptical . through the media he tells the world that they must come up with a ` third testament' . it later transpires that if they do not , the end of the world will soon follow . what are this messiah 's credentials ? well , he spends forty days in the wilderness which is saddleworth moor and he has no earthly father - it turns out that his dad is infertile and could n't have fathered him . this tickled me . did writer russell t . davis pass his gcse in religious studies , do we think ? i could n't really work out whether the religious symbolism was unconsciously corny and nave or whether it aimed at giving us a laugh . i 'd like to think the latter . steve , curiously , is n't what we might describe as spiritual - certainly not religious . he swears all the time , boozes and although not quite loutish , is somewhat laddish . he 's a laddish messiah . his disciples swear at him and he insults them back . ( message to southerners - we in the north are not all like this , despite the plethora of dramas which suggest otherwise : preston front , our friends in the north , etc. writers do seem to have this desire to patronise us thus . ) what 's noticeable about the founders of the major world religions is that they managed to espouse some degree of religious wisdom . steve , who just witters nonsensically to the crowds , seems to lack this facility . is he meant to be devoid of wisdom ? are we asking too much of russell t . davis to place some in his mouth ? could he have done so had he wished ? presumably our writer would need to possess some himself ! ( jury 's out . ) it turns out that the party piece belongs to the sceptical girlfriend who clearly becomes the mouthpiece for the programme 's message . so what happens ? despite almost two hours of waiting for judgement day , with little action or plot development we eventually come to learn that our messiah is something of a damp squib . he ends up at the girlfriend 's home where she feeds him a dish of spaghetti a la rat poison which he takes willingly but not before we discover that he is really just a sort of encapsulation or epitome of human religiosity . enlightened humanity - judith - finally comes to realise that she can and must live without him and she spits him out . they argue for a while before atheism wins out and steve chomps down the poisoned pasta ( after the two hours i found myself saying ` bon appetit ' ) . so we get the sermon , although it 's a secular one which declares the futility of religious belief . but this messiah seemed to me to be almost devoid of any meaningful religious ideas anyway . you ca n't debunk what does n't exist . steve ca n't be a foil for atheism if he is a kind of atheism . i suppose that we do end up questioning russell t davis 's understanding of spirituality , not to say he should necessarily adhere to religion or spirituality , but perhaps to understand it to come degree . and yes , there is a naivety and a corniness which underpins all this third-form philosophy , typical of so many young people working within the arts . it 's a pity that the message of the piece could n't have been delivered within the actual context of the drama itself . what we have is a two hour tv play followed by a secular sermon , subtext puked out and all . we do have an epilogue , however , where our new-found heroine is hilariously transfigured at the supermarket . i do recommend the second coming for amusement , but for enlightenment you 'd better have something else to hand . 
health neg 639.txt i bought this product thrilled with the thought that i could use an epilator in the shower . even though that 's possible , the very last thing this product does is remove hair - - at least with the epilator head . the shaving head works fairly well , but a simple shaver would cost a lot less and shave as well or better . i ca n't believe panasonic thinks they 'll actually keep customers selling something this ineffective 
software pos 410.txt i 've been using streets & trips for years . i 'm a real estate broker and use it every day . great product . not as up-to-date as yahoo maps but easier and faster to use , particularly the route planner , gps , live local links , etc 
camera pos 685.txt this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you 
health neg 496.txt top of the line ( april 2005 ) d-cell nimh batteries have 11 , 000 mah compared to this one 2 , 200 mah ( they cost 16 bucks but 10 , 000 mah battery costs six bucks ) . top of the line aa nimh batteries have capacity of 2500 mah . top of the line nicad d-cell batteries have 5000 mah capacity ( costs around five bucks ) . i thought that nimh was more capable than nicad . true , but not in this case . so what are we gettting here ? higher aa battery capacity in d-cell case . this battery is overpriced for what it delivers . 
books pos 324.txt a well-researched look at aviation that reminded me of the novels of nevil shute . my favorite chapter was friday norton qa 11:50am . a perfect description of the working methods of a certain veteran tv newsman who just retired at age 88. of course there are plot holes . the heroine a single mom researching the cause of an air incident is in jeopardy from union thugs and has initially has guards . but as the jeopardy increases , the guards are n't there . no followup mention . what happened to them ? some vulgarity in language . but all in all , a great fun read . 
software pos 153.txt absolutely the easiest upgrade of a microsoft os that i 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , i 've done a lot in the past . it 's one sweet os 
health pos 407.txt this razor is the best i have ever shaved with . it copes with every length of hair and angle of growth whether i shave every day , every other day , or even every third day . perfect 
music pos 269.txt if you are expecting " safari moon pt. 2 " , you will be dissapointed . air took a more adventuourous , darker , ambient , serious , experimental , and ultimtately brilliant journey into electronic music . the songs here range from sounding like aphex twin ( without the weird off-putting effects or heavy drums ) to thievery corp. air still has a beautiful sense of melody and as usual the tunes themselves are beautifully and creatively put together ( even a throwaway air song is a well-crafted one ) . overall , all us true hardcore air fans love this album . those who only loved ms may not like it , but that 's their loss i say 
music neg 292.txt it 's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer . yeah , maybe my fish can get a record deal : they " sing " in tone , can breath , but refue to lip-synch ( i know it sounds gay ) . this is just sad because bands that play their own instruments , write their own songs , and perform their own songs can pretty much get almost no attention . let 's take the band king 's x : doug pinnick ( vocals / bass ) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about god ( king 's x is a christian band ) ; ty tabor ( guitar / vocals ) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably do n't know ; and jerry gaskill ( drums / vocals ) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people ( i know a lot more people than that like kx ; i 'm just exagerating ) seem to like this band . it 's sad . if you want good music , listen to the band i just menioned ( king 's x if you were n't paying attention ) . ( if amazon does n't post this i will seriously get poed ! 
music neg 371.txt in the past , i used to distance myself from certain rock genres because of a bad first experience . i 'd be introduced to band , not like it , and claim the entire genre as being ' not for me' . the forecast , however , has changed how i feel . i , personally , love a heartfelt emo record just as much as the next guy , but only because i was introduced to jimmy eat world and spitalfield a couple of years back . those bands allowed me to embrace the entire genre as a whole , and expand my emo knowledge . imagine though , if you will , that i was new to emo . you , in theory , hand me a copy of " late night conversations " and tell me to listen . of course , i hate it , and lose any interest i may have had in the genre . to make a long story short , the only good that came out of ' late night conversations ' ( an underproduced , generic , stale piece of s**t ) was the revelation that came post-listen . never judge an entire genre by the first or second band you 're introduced to ( from said entire genre ) . not every metal band is iron maden . not every punk-pop band is blink 182. not every nu-metal band is linkin park . not every ' emo ' band is jimmy eat world . every aspect of music has it 's ups and downs , and the forecast is clearly one of the downs . now that i 've bored you with an entire rant about nothing , i 'd like you to pass on ' late night conversations' . with your help , the forecast wo n't sell another record , and , in turn , leave the scene forever . not recommended , duh 
dvd neg 100.txt this film is boring , so much so that i could only take 35 minutes of it before i was forced to push stop . this is a soap opera about politics & oil companies . it 's weird jump around style is confusing & pointless...do yourself a favor and do n't bother w / this garbage 
camera neg 582.txt instead of this pick up a plextor convertor box . it takes the output of the camcorder ( composite / rca or s-video ) and compresses that to mpeg-2 ( dvd ) or mpeg-4 ( or divx ) and includes software which easily burns that to dvd or cd ( mpeg-1 or mini dvd ) . look for plextor 's m402u box . unless you really want to deal with 3.125 mb of data per second ( 25 mbps ) , or about 180 mb per minute , or about 11 gb per hour through the firewire link , get the m402u . your options will be greatly expanded , and you wo n't tell the difference by looking 
camera neg 10.txt they sent me wrong lens cover and said i ordered the wrong one..........do n't think so since i got copy.......poor customer service all around.... . 
camera neg 429.txt it 's only redeemingly quality is the price ( if you get a good deal ) . photo quality is poor , and screen is quite small ( 3x5 ) . navigation is not overly complicated , but buttons must be pushed hard to work . it did work perfectly fine - took sd card , even connected to my mac and drag and drop photos onto the sd card i inserted into the frame . but , because of the poor quality of the photos , i do n't suggest buying 
books neg 779.txt i am extremely dissapointed with this new edition of the text and have one advise only : if you own 2nd ed. , do not indulge in this new edition for even the errors ( spellings for one ) are xeroxed onto the new edition . therefore , for a review of the text itself , you may , without any compunction , refer to 2nd ed. 's comments , of which there are many 
music pos 763.txt the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations 
software neg 19.txt there 's a reason why this stuff is significantly discounted . this is definitely one of the worst products i have ever bought . i did not do much research . i think the data may be in there , but i could not learn how to make it work . the interface is horrific - unusable . do n't do it 
health neg 469.txt it 's quality is cheap and poorly made . i bought two thinking it was a good deal but i threw them out after 2 days because the on / off switch did n't work . it was also very loud 
books pos 264.txt as with many of the " for dummies " series , controlling cholesterol is a well-executed overview of many issues relevant to cholesterol . author carol rinzler 's light and humorous discussion ranges from a concise description of what cholesterol is , to many of the different approaches to lowering cholesterol and why " target " values for cholesterol can differ in different people . there 's an especially helpful discussion on the effects of various popular diets like atkins ' , sugar busters , and protein power - - pluses and minuses of each . " ten cholesterol myths " in chapter 16 is a great discussion that can help clear up much of the murkiness surrounding cholesterol issues and can help answer many of the questions that i am asked when treating cholesterol in my patients ( in my cardiology practice ) . one criticism : like all books about cholesterol , controlling cholesterol for dummies gives the reader the impression that high cholesterol is the only way to identify risk for heart disease , as well as a means of diminishing risk of heart attack . this is patently untrue , but not really a criticism of this book as it is of the standard thinking on cholesterol . there are better ways ! nonetheless , this book does serve its intended purpose very well : educate the reader thoroughly on the conventional understanding of cholesterol . 
books neg 490.txt i read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of " the hours . " if that 's your motivation , do n't waste your time . my english teachers will cringe when i say it , but this book , well , sucks . it may well be great literature , but the characters are not engaging , and if it was woolf 's motive to out-do james joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative , she does n't pull it off . again , the characters and the internal mental life simply do n't have the power that " ulysses " has . reading woolf is necessary for a good eduction . i recommend , however , that you read " to the lighthouse " . i may still be motivated to read the book version of " the hours " given how great the movie was . but my taste for woolf is all done now . 
dvd pos 659.txt i just finished watching callie and son . i got my copy from the dollar store and it has another movie ( power passion and murder ) with michelle pfeiffer in it as well.. . it really was n't that bad , considering the price i paid . lindsay wagner is actually the main character and i think she did a great job , as did most of the actors in this film . the only trouble is the movie lasted about a hour longer than it needed to . with a bit of editing and a bit better script , it would have been a great movie ! the end was somewhat unexpected and horrifying.. . i 'd recommend it for someone to watch once , but i would n't pay more than i did for it . the dvd quality is really poor , the sound fades in and out , but for what it was , a bargain bin cheapy , i was pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoyed it . 
dvd pos 2.txt i covered a similar theme in my international relations ma - whilst any programme made for tv has to be reasonable breif on the subject , i found this to be a very well argued and produced programme . i recomend it , not so much as some dark conspiracy , but more a genuine question about large private interest with huge influence in a democratic country . we should question to make sure that what happens in our name , is always in our interest 
software pos 524.txt very pleased with performance ; have used it before without problems 
software pos 2.txt i concur with the review that points up the problems with adobe 's new " license manager " method of activation . when you pay as much as you do for this app , or the entire suite , you should not be faced with complete lockup should you have hardware problems , or ca n't connect to the internet from " location shooting . " i took one star off for this egregious marketing tactic . that said , this version of photoshop is superb , an otherwise 5-star app . if you take the time to use the tutorials included in the help ( used to be separate folders , with chapters 1 - 4 of the classroom in a book , but no more alas ) , or get one of deke mcclelland 's fine tomes and do all the lessons , there is nothing in this app that the novice ca n't start to use from day one . with today 's point & shoot cameras packing more resolution , and more manual control , into their functions , use of photoshop becomes more than just a hobby . you can really " rescue " photos that are too dark , too bright , exceedingly color-shifted , from the " cut " folder and still make prints . further , the camera raw functionality allows anyone with a sufficiently functional digicam to touch up snapshots into fine photography . a warning : you need the fastest processor you can afford ( a core duo or quatro will be superb ) , and as much ram as your system can take . there is an optional performance plug-in which maximizes performance on systems with more than 1 gigabyte of ram . you need at least that much under windows xp to get good performance out of ps cs2. if you can use 2gb or more dual-channel memory , that 's even better ( the dual-channel ram adds a small boost when handling large file sizes , e.g. camera raw image sources ) . if you do n't have these , do n't expect photoshop to act fast . adobe bridge is a major improvement for this version . it offers superior file and image management functions , and can even do batch editing on images . you can even perform camera raw adjustments right from bridge . bridge can perform batch processes while you edit in photoshop . if that is n't cool , i do n't know what is . if you doubt me , check out deke mcclelland 's photoshop cs2 one-on-one tutorial for his chapter on using adobe bridge . his video introduction ( included on a dvd in the book ) , and chapter on using and customizing bridge , are terrific introductions . if you 're a user of versions 5.x ( as i was ) , 6 , or 7 , upgrading to cs2 is a no-brainer . do n't wait . get it now before the adobe license manager gets worse in 2007 
music neg 958.txt i am a huge fan of thomas newman but really this cd presents nothing new . it comes across as merely a re-hash of the airy , atmospheric , melody-free cues from his other recent scores . it has none of the originality of american beauty or road to perdition . frankly , as much as i like his scores , i do n't think this warranted a cd release , it 's just got too bland and ordinary , no matter how beautifully constructed and pristine it all sounds . a pity 
camera neg 748.txt i have owned this camera for ~6 months and have finally deciced to replace it . i bought this camera to replace another nikon coolpix that was stolen from my house . but this one does not have a view finder to begin with and is way more complicated to use . i have always liked nikon cameras but the s9 just does n't make it . i can not use it outside because i can not see the lcd screen . sorry nikon but you blew it on this camera ! ! so i replaced it with a canon powershot a710. what a difference in ease of use and.. . it has a view finder . also my 1g memory card from rhe nikon fots in the new canon . 
music pos 134.txt for those who have only heard the hits this is a fine addition for your collection . bruce and the boys were young and completely up to the task of handing out the long jams you find here . the title sums up the overall feeling of the songs . there 's a certain joy and a ton of fun to be had . put this on one nice warm spring day and see if it does n't lift your mood . caution : must be listened to while drinking a cold domestic beer 
books neg 548.txt imposible to do so with no item received 
health pos 460.txt i 've tried for literally the last 6 years to find a way to straighten my hair ( and have it stay straight ) ! i am happy to say that i 've finally found something that works ! i 've had many different straighteners , and this one is by far the best . i have long curly hair , and this straightener gets it done in about 20 minutes . much better than the hour i 'm used to . plus , the straightening lasts . my hair stays completely flat all day , instead of curling up on the ends like it did with my other straightener . you simply ca n't get better than this ! 
books neg 786.txt i tried , i really did , but i could n't get beyond 100 pages . i love iris johansen books but it seemed she had no joy in writing this one , almost as if she were forced to do so . it contained none of her usual style . the dialogue was choppy and boring and nothing made you care about the characters . i 'm still a fan and hope the next book is written in more typical ij style . 
health pos 893.txt we have it hanging in a closet and it has been working great ! when it changes color all i do is plug it in for about 10-12 hours and then hang it back up again ! we are very satisfied 
camera pos 449.txt i bought these for a trip to costa rica and used them every day . they are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . these are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc 
health pos 410.txt has all of the features that i wanted ; digital readout , body fat monitor . relatively easy to set up 
books neg 938.txt as a follower of the celebration story for many years , i was greatly disappointed by what i thought would be a new and interesting perspective on the model town . it was nothing of the sort . the book had the feel of so many pages of anti-disney propaganda , and the repetitiveness of a bad serial . the authors of celebration u.s.a. clearly made up their minds about celebration long before signing off on a mortgage . lacking in the detail needed to illustrate celebration 's experiment with the tenets of neotraditional style , the book offered splashes of cliched generalities such as " a return to the past " and " recapturing tradition . " it soon became some sort of mantra exhorting disney 's ownership of the town , the rules imposed on property improvements and maintenance , and , interestingly , the attention the town received . most tactless of all was the shadow of mockery cast on every description of residents , conversation with neighbors , and interaction with people doing what the authors should have been doing : giving the town a chance 
software neg 173.txt the mac os , $129 list , often cheaper , does n't get viruses , worms , malware , etc and probably runs all the software you do on a pc , with the exception of some games . go to a mac store and try it for yourself 
health pos 534.txt i ordered this parfum because it is really cheap . i received it 4 days after ordering , delivered very fast . the flavor is very nice , make me feel comfortable 
dvd pos 423.txt while it is certainly fun to watch just to see the performers , this history of rock simply does n't jell as a whole.by trying to explain the evolution of the music , the pleasure gets lost along the way.if you are a rock connaisseur , you wo n't learn many new things if you watch this.what you should do is take it as a starter point and then go further with documents who gets deeper with one particular field ( ex:motown or british invasion ) .as it is , it tries to cover too much ground at once and still manages to forget a few artists like emerson , lake and palmer and king crimson among others.it costs me $80 dollars ( canadian money ) for this 5 dvd set , which is too much for what it 's worth.rent it and enjoy the clips 
software pos 948.txt if you 've been living under a rock for the past year or so , perhaps you can be excused for not having heard about microsoft 's new edition to the windows canon . for all others , vista has become a fact of life , whether or not you actually run the operating system yet . check out a tech website and you 'll find a vista screen shot somewhere , either depicting some impressive overclocking results via cpu-z , or else simply for no other purpose than to show the world , " yes , i can run aero- -are n't you jealous ? " in fact , it 's hard to avoid vista these days . and , as always seems to be the case , most of what you hear is probably negative . that 's where i come in . i 've waited a while before writing this review , both to test the operating system and to wait for the horror stories to fade away . they haven't . and this can only mean one thing : the positive stories are n't getting through because most people who are satisfied with a product generally do n't feel the need to comment on it . now of course you 've probably seen quite a few anxious posts ( most likely in all capital letters ) either bashing microsoft for everything under the sun , praising vista indiscriminately , making it seem as though you need a $5000.00 enthusiast-class computer to run the thing , or boasting about mac 's venerable os x and how windows vista is nothing more than a bad copy thereof . needless to say , none of these sorts of things helps , and all of them create a sense of confusion and negativity that reflects heavily on the product . and , if you analyze them closely , you 'll realize that *none of them actually says anything about windows vista.* if you do n't believe me , then just go visit apple 's discussion area and check out the ipod pages . you 'd get the impression that ipods were the worst products ever made and that every single one has problems . yet , if this were the case , then why have in excess of 100 million units been sold thus far ? the answer is obvious : people seem compelled to review products only if something went wrong with their experience . in short , people confuse review sites with complaint forums . therefore , as the self-proclaimed dr. prog , i feel it my duty to step out of my usual mode of reviewing progressive rock albums and give an honest , no nonsense review of microsoft windows vista home premium . -the interface - ah , yes . you 've heard all about the new windows vista aero interface by now . and virtually every screen shot you 'll ever see will feature aero . but it 's much more than just pretty , glass-like window frames . aero includes many new enhancements to the ui , such as the live thumbnails that appear when you mouse-over minimized windows . as the name suggests , these actually update in real time , so if there is a video or an animation playing in the window , it will appear in the live thumbnail . this is very useful . perhaps less useful but scoring about an 8 on the 1-10 " coolness factor " scale is the oft-mentioned 3d-flip , which allows the user to view a three-dimensional representation of all open windows , along with offering the ability to virtually paw through these to bring the desired window to the forefront . these are the things you 'll hear the most about . what you do n't hear so much is all the general changes that have been made to the overall interface . the new icons are photo-realistic and size-scalable . they start out a little large , but you can set them to any size within a wide spectrum . the explorer windows have been radically redressed , with a new breadcrumbs backward navigation tool that beats the old address bar hands down ( you can retrace your steps in a logical , step-by-step manner , instead of using the cryptic addresses ) . also , they 're spruced up with decorations that recall the visual aura style of some of the new wallpapers . speaking of which , these are for the first time actually usable , unlike in previous versions of windows , where the wallpapers have been small and grainy . more general changes include the absence of menu bars in most areas of explorer , including ie . these can be replaced momentarily with a tap of the alt key , at least until you learn how to navigate without them . also , the animations are much better than in previous versions of windows , particularly the one you see when copying a file . in addition , the start menu has been reworked drastically . it does n't even say " start , " anymore ; instead , it 's simply a blue orb with the windows logo . the first big change is the way programs are accessed : gone is the delicate and finicky ever-expanding hierarchy system , where a slightly overzealous hand could miss the mark and close the entire desired level . now , the all programs button leads to an explorer-like listing of folders , each clearly named , and each of which opens and closes with a single mouse click . each time the start menu is opened , the folders reset themselves . also , they are automatically alphabetized . the start menu also contains most of the system links usually found on the desktop ( computer , documents , etc. ) , which is why the only thing on the desktop the first time you boot up is the recycle bin . and , in case you have seen screen shots or have tried out vista already , the search bar at the bottom pulls double duty as a replacement for the run command utility . speaking of search , though i seldom ever find myself wondering where my files are ( i suppose i 'm unique in this respect ) , many people have far more data to keep track of than me , and thus they will greatly appreciate the enhanced and pervasive searching facilities of vista . there are search boxes virtually everywhere in explorer , including the start menu . there is even one in ie7 , though it is not integrated with the system search . but , as you 've probably noticed , this is but a list of interface changes and additions . i assure you the list could go on and on , and i know i 'll receive more than one comment reminding me about some feature or other i 've forgotten . i 'll read those when they come and add material as necessary . but , aside from this , how does this new interface really impact the end user ? to be perfectly honest , though it 's certainly pretty and a few parts of it required a little adjustment , it did n't feel much different from previous windows versions to me . but , to be honest , this is a good thing . perhaps you 've heard that it 's a nightmare to learn vista . that 's a load of hogwash . a few things are renamed , a few things have been moved around , and on the whole everything looks prettier . but it 's still windows ; it accomplishes the same tasks and it works virtually the same as it always did . -included software bundle - taking a hint from apple , microsoft has included a compliment of digital media manipulation software . while of course ilife is superior , there is one issue that must be cleared up : ilife is not an integral part of mac os x as you may have been led to believe . older mac users must purchase it ; it only comes with the newer macs . therefore , microsoft windows vista , to be purely technical , offers the most comprehensive digital media suite ever offered stock with an os . however , technicality is seldom practical , and microsoft 's inclusion is no ilife killer . still , the included calendar ( new in vista ) , photo viewing and editing application ( new ) , windows media player 11 , windows movie maker , and windows dvd burning program ( new ) are nothing to scoff at . no , they wo n't replace dedicated , professional stand-alone programs , but let 's be honest : neither will ilife . the new internet explorer 7 is a step forward from the piece of swiss cheese ie6 was , insofar as security . new features include a phishing filter , tabbed browsing , and improved security . additionally , ie7 runs in protected mode , also called a " sandbox . " the idea is that this one application is cordoned off from the rest of the system , thereby making it more difficult for malicious software to take control of your computer . but that 's more for the security section of the review . the new ie7 is certainly more attractive than the older versions , and the version in vista offers enhanced visual appeal that the xp port of the software lacks . to be perfectly honest , i still use mozilla firefox ( mostly because i ca n't stand those blinking ads on web pages , and there is a firefox extension that gets rid of that annoyance once and for all ) , but if i had to , i would have no qualms using ie7. the new incarnation of window media player is really no different from the xp port . it still does n't support aac , and it still does n't handle gapless playback . as an ipod user and a progressive rock fan , respectively , i can gather only one thing from these shortcomings : it 's time to break out itunes . do n't get me wrong : wmp is not at all a bad tool . it 's still the default player on my system for most audio types . however , once an ipod owner and prog rocker , always an ipod owner / progger . i still say itunes is king , if only because its interface is cleaner , it supports my audio device , and it offers gapless playback . i have n't extensively tested the windows movie maker application , but i have read that it is updated very slightly from the xp version . the photo editing tool is completely new for vista , and after a little experimenting i was pleased that , though simple , the controls offer nice results . this application is on par with many of the basic image editing software packages you 'll see offered with digital cameras , printers , and the like . the other applications have yet to receive my testing , only because i do n't often burn dvd movies , and i have n't entered an event in a calendar in about ten years . as far as windows mail , i cannot be objective because i have never used outlook or outlook express . reports seem to indicate that windows mail is simply a dressed-up outlook express , with many of the same features . as i said , i have never used a mail program . call me old-fashioned , but i just check and write my mail from my internet browser . either way , i do n't honestly believe microsoft would offer outlook-level functionality in the stripped down version of outlook 2007. all in all , i was rather impressed at the steps microsoft has taken to embrace the digital media age . the effort falls short of ilife and proprietary solutions in this regard , but then , that is simply to be expected . i have n't really benefited tremendously from the new additions , but there is certainly nothing wrong with them , and i know many people will be very happy with this digital media suite . -security - this is the big picking point many people ( rightfully ) have with windows xp . it seems as though there 's at least two critical security updates every week . the mac commercials definitely have a point , but that 's only because macs make up so small a percentage of the market share ( though it is indeed a growing share ) that it is not advantageous for malware to be written for os x users . even so , xp does n't get a free pass here . something had to be done . and that something was the security measures taken in windows vista . the " sandbox " has already been mentioned above , but other features have been added . one of these , windows defender ( microsoft 's anti-spyware program ) , is one of those rare pieces of software that is just perfect : it may not be the best at what it does , but it 's unobtrusive , it 's simple to use , and it 's totally and completely free . leave it on to supplement your already existing spyware solution , and you can only benefit . also featured in vista is the now infamous user account control ( uac ) . basically , it prompts you every time your computer does basically anything , including installing programs , running some programs , updating settings , etc. and , if you were wondering , the mac commercials have it right : it really is that annoying . to be fair , you will see far fewer of these alerts once the bulk of your software has been installed , but until then you will be very , very sick of uac . i do n't advise this , but since i was able to get my anti-virus and anti-spyware software up and running on vista , i finally turned off uac . symantic seems to think this was unwise , but norton virus scan does n't bother me about it other than to recommend , on its information page , that i leave uac activated . yeah . like that 's going to happen . beyond these broad , tangible aspects of security , there is a lot of new stuff under the hood of vista that makes it less susceptible to malicious attacks . mostly , unless you 're very savvy , you do n't need to understand it all and , to be frank , do n't ask me because i have n't the foggiest how it all works . i 'm just glad it 's there . overall , i think microsoft has made a valiant effort with security . i would still not advise running any windows operating system without active virus and spyware protection , but at least vista has taken a step in the right direction . plus , you likely have anti-virus and anti-spyware software from running windows xp , which you can then install on vista . -the hardware - graphics : this is the part i have been waiting for . everything i read up until i finally installed vista told me i needed a dedicated graphics card with at least 256 mb of memory in order to run aero . i 'll be honest : i fell for it . i had a graphics card *in my hand* , but on the way to the checkout i realized i had left my gift certificate at home . so i decided to wait and see how my hardware would react . this is where i realized the utter bias among the tech community : i had absolutely no trouble running aero on integrated graphics . and that only makes sense because my setup is rather typical : a 17 " flat panel monitor and a modern computer . this will be what the majority of people have at the moment , and at this size , ig should have no trouble running aero . now use logic : if you want to run dual 24 " widescreen monitors , yeah , you 'll need a graphics card . especially since i do n't believe there even exists a dual monitor-capable ig motherboard ( if there is such a thing , it 's certainly not available on the oem consumer market ) . but if you have a fairly typical single monitor scenario on a computer that you bought within the past few years , you should have no trouble at all insofar as graphics . do n't be fooled . if you want to be absolutely sure , however , there is no harm- -and plenty of good sense- -in downloading microsoft 's free upgrade advisor utility to see if your setup is in any way deficient . plus , if you find you ca n't run aero for any reason , you were going to upgrade to vista anyway , so you can still buy dedicated graphics at that point . you do n't need the top-of-the-line card unless you want to make this an excuse to foray into gaming ; older technology that will get you up and running can be had for very reasonable prices . ram : there is one area , however , where many computers will be deficient : ram . oddly enough , while many sources are pushing the graphics card brigade , an almost equally strong force- -the computer manufacturers themselves- -seems to think that ram is no big deal . trust me : if you 've ever tried to run windows xp on 256 mb of ram , it 's a painful experience . that 's what vista is like on 512 mb- -you do n't even want to go there . dell is shockingly honest when they qualify the " minimum " vista requirement of 512 mb of ram ( as per microsoft ) as " great for booting the operating system , without running any applications or games . " this is where most people will have to upgrade their machines . 1 gb is perfectly acceptable ; if you want true multitasking power ( and you have the dual-core processor to support it ) , then go for 2 gb or more . for most people , however , 1 gb will be fine . my first of two vista machines has 1 gb and it works perfectly . i will warn you , though , that often times memory is installed in pairs , so your 512 mb is most likely two 256 mb modules . the paired method offers better performance , but it will make upgrading a system with only two memory slots somewhat expensive ( though not exorbitant by any means ) . but this is not somewhere you want to skimp , so at least one pair of 512 mb memory modules should be on your list of extra hardware if you have only 512 mb of memory currently installed . processor : this is perhaps the most accurate in terms of the hype . you 'll need at least a 1 ghz processor to run aero . many computers with such processors do n't even support 1 gb of ram , so if you 're in that situation , you will definitely be looking at a new computer with vista pre-installed . however , these are very old machines by this point , and most of us have something slightly newer . one myth that needs to be dispelled is that dual-core processors will run vista better than single-core cpus : vista is , for the most part , based on the microsoft server 2003 code , which is , in turn , based on the xp code , both of which came before the advent of multi-core processing . therefore , to the effect that the operating system is run , there will be only a marginal difference between a single-core or a dual-core cpu , provided both use identical core architectures . of course any applications that take advantage of multi-threading will benefit from multiple cores , but this was , is , and will always be the case , independent of the operating system . the question is simply whether you see yourself multitasking more with vista . if that 's the case , then a new computer with a dual-core processor installed is probably your best bet ; if you 're fine with your current setup , then it will most likely run vista and aero without any problems . it is interesting to note , however , that some upgrade aptitude utilities have some small quirks and will give conflicting and non-real results . for example , such a utility offered by advanced micro devices ( amd ) passed both my a64 x2-based machines without a hitch . however , when on a whim i ran it on my old p4-based desktop , the utility seemed to think that a 2.40b ghz pentium 4 northwood ( 533 fsb ) would be insufficient to run vista . i smell amd bias , even though i happen to favor amd over intel . just take what such utilities tell you with a grain of salt , and remember that microsoft 's own utility is likely the most reliable . generally , your processor will not be an issue when upgrading to vista . hard drive : again , this one is pretty straightforward . if you have a 40 gb hard drive or better , you 're good to go . and if you do n't have that , hard drives are so cheap these days that you could easily at least triple your current capacity for about what it costs to take the family out to dinner one evening ( amazon does not allow price figures , hence my vagueness regarding pricing throughout this review ) . things get interesting when you consider a dual boot scenario . this is when you have two operating systems running on the same system , either on the same or on different hard drives . in my honest opinion , this is the best way to go because you get to keep your current operating system ( just in case you run into problems with vista ) , and you also get to have vista . keep in mind that , in order to run vista on the same hard drive as your current os , you 'll need to install each os on a separate partition . you can either purchase a third party partitioning tool , or do what i did , which was use the ubuntu linux live boot disc 's built-in partitioning utility . of course there is risk involved with this last solution ( but , in my experience , i 've used it dozens of times with no problems ) , so do the latter only at your own risk . -compatibility - this is where most of the horror stories have come from . both hardware and software compatibility nightmares are flitting around in denser clusters than fish flies in june . up until recently , anti-virus and anti-spyware programs have been unable to install on vista . in addition , many proprietary printer applications are incompatible , yet the printer itself will often times function perfectly . graphics and sound card drivers still have n't really caught up , despite the fact that they 've had a little over two years to do so . i wo n't deny that , if your system just happens to roll the snake eyes , you 're in for some hell . but it 's not half as bad as you hear . i installed vista without a hitch ; there is a separate part of the process where the os scans the system for hardware , installs the necessary drivers , and then generates a list of anything that does n't install properly . every piece of hardware i had was recognized . in addition , my printer was recognized and installed in about five seconds , despite the fact that its own software would not install ( and that its maker , hp , still had n't posted a vista-compatible version ) . even my usb internet modem , which the upgrade advisor flat out said would not work with vista , installed and ran perfectly when i supplied the drivers from the manufacturer 's website . the fact is , vista has shipped with exponentially more drivers than any edition of xp . plus , it 's possible to supply drivers from manufacturers ' websites for the odd , esoteric bit of hardware that is n't immediately detected . sometimes it will work , sometimes not . but this is only to be expected when upgrading to a new os . i do n't seem to remember everything being rosy when xp came out , either . this is yet another item of strong support for a dual boot scenario . software is no different from hardware . all my software titles , with the possible exception of the ancient original roller coaster tycoon , work flawlessly with vista . and the latter did n't work with windows xp mce 2005 , either , so i do n't blame vista for this . if your software acts buggy or otherwise just wo n't work , check the manufacturer 's website . if it 's a fairly recent title , there will most likely be some compatibility patches or a whole new version of the application , all free of charge . just be ready to insert your product key , if required , in the latter case . now of course chances are that if you have some pet application from the mid-nineties , it might kick up a few dickens . again , a strong case for dual boot . the final and perhaps most prolific source of upgrade hell is , ironically , the upgrade itself . this process works by performing an in-place upgrade of an already existing operating system ( xp ) . these sorts of upgrades are notorious for problems , and the vista crop is no exception . however , since you 're currently viewing the full version page , this obviously is n't an issue for you . just remember , the best ways to install vista are either as a clean installation ( if necessary obliterating an existing os ) or a dual boot scenario . anything else and you might experience problems . but this has always been the case with in-place upgrades . -overall - i thank you for reading this far . most people won't . i know this was pretty long , but i wanted to get it all out there for people to read . vista is not a bad operating system . was i absolutely floored with it ? it may require some more time , but it has n't been the revelation microsoft promised . this is somewhat disappointing , and yet , somewhat reassuring as well . i did n't suffer any downtime because i could n't figure out how the operating system works , i did n't have any glaring compatibility issues , and my computer has worked virtually error-free ever since i first installed the os . in short , the change , while not mind blowing , was n't drastic or disturbing , either . at the end of the day , just remember : it 's windows . love it or leave it , it 's just microsoft 's operating system . vista will do the same thing as xp and earlier editions ; it 's not a source of inspiration or drive . it 's only as good as the person who 's using it . 
software pos 135.txt i have fireworks , corel paint , and now cs2 to choose from . perhaps it 's my familiarity with photoshop that makes me so partial to it , but i feel it 's the best imagery software on the market . i upgraded to this from ps7 , so i missed out on cs , but from what i can tell , this is the smoothest-running version yet . i 've not encountered any problems with system or support.. . i guess everyone 's experience is different . but this is great software , and the vanishing point feature is just brilliant 
software neg 409.txt be warned , this product does not support all advertised features on all phones . right out of the box i found it did not support 2 of our 4 cell phones . of the phones that it did support , the only sync features available were photo downloading and calendar sync . the ability to transfer other data such as movies , contacts and ring tones were not available for my particular phone . without all of the advertised features are available i consider this a complete waste of money 
dvd neg 305.txt for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his / her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his / her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his / her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie 
camera pos 63.txt i purchased the canon off camera shoe cord to use with the canon ex 580 for weddings . i needed the cord to use the flash on a braket to avoid red eye . it does what it 's supposed to . no complaints . 
music neg 754.txt there are some artists who have been active since the 60 's and 70 's and who are still producing vibrant , excellent music . paul simon , say , or bob dylan . kate bush , though she started a little later . all of these artists have evolved past their original sound but are still great . joni mitchell should have stopped when she was ahead . maybe i do n't rate as a jm fan because i 've only heard blue , but i 've listened to that album hundreds of times times over the years . i wanted to find out what she was up to since then , and bought this album . all i have to say is , it was like nails on a chalkboard . i was expecting her to change and grow , but not into some pale ghost of the 60 's droning on about the evils of commercialism and modernism . the lyrics are old and tired , and the instrumentation is hackneyed and stale , too . the only good lyrics on this album were provided by yates . at least her paintings are good . 
health pos 575.txt compared to the conair 1 , 600w i have used for the past seven years or so it sounded incredibly loud and high-pitched when i first turned it on , but you may have a high-pitched blow dryer now- -compared to my old conair- -and wo n't notice a difference . it does n't have a cold air feature , which many women use regularly to either finish off their styling or to cause less damage to the hair ; or like me , in the summer when the option of switching from hot to cold is preferable . these two drawbacks , especially having only the hot at high or low setting , is why i give it four out of five , instead of five out of five star rating . pluses : price- -for $13 it ca n't be beat for the frugal shopper ; efficiency- -it blowdries my hair a bit faster than the conair did though i do n't understand the science behind that ; appearance- -it 's cute and compact ; weight- -a toddler could wield this blow-dryer with ease ; carrying ease- -small enough to fit neatly in just about any drawer or a crammed gym bag , under the sink , et cetera . i have n't had this long enough to rate how durable it is , so i hope someone who 's owned one for at least a year comes on to write , " it 's still going strong . 
camera pos 722.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
music pos 627.txt my personal favorite dashboard cd . every other one of their cds have maybe a few good songs that i like , but the places you have come to fear the most has pretty much a solid tack lis 
music neg 875.txt this album in some ways is a perfect antithesis of the quirky , wacky , vivid personality of the first three galactic studio albums- -this is boring , flat and generic . is that stanton moore or a drum machine ? precede straight to garage a trois 
books pos 884.txt we have now entered a second time of deep concern for the science , math , and technological education for everyone . the first one occurred after the sputnik fiasco , when the russians beat us in the race to reach space . the concern now has risen due to what science groups such as the american association for the advancement of science , and educators saw in comparison of assessments made of students in the u.s. and those in other developed countries , such as japan . the answer to this concern was for the aaas along with other groups to put out a guideline as to what constitutes scientific literacy , and what the public in the u.s. should at least know to be scientifically literate . as usual , though the aaas addressed the fact that certain groups in the u.s. were not being ' included ' in the pursuit of science literacy , such as women and racial minorities , in this their first book they skipped over those of us with disabilities . since this is a major concern of mine and the area in which i do research , i was appalled to see they neglected ' us ' once again , especially as the aaas has a separate department dealing with the disabled / deaf . in spite of this mistake , the writing of this book has laid the groundwork for universities and colleges as to what the teachers they train should know and be able to teach so that our country can be more scientifically literate . with new information being made available through newspapers and the internet on a daily basis , it is absolutely imperative that all adults regardless of race , gender , or ability be able to glean the information they need from this outpouring of information to make decisions requiring informed consent in health care , decisions on employment ( since health care is one of the top employers in the u.s. today ) , and to teach their children . this book was the beginning , but it is n't the end . more books have further elucidated what is required for science literacy from both the aaas and other science groups . this is the place to start if you are an educator of any kind who wants their students to become scientifically literate . karen sadler , science education , university of pittsburgh , klsst23@pitt.ed 
health pos 457.txt this heating pad wraps around , stays put , does a perfect job and turns off by itself . spend the money and get a better mousetrap 
dvd neg 723.txt i was surprised that so many people childishly attacked the person who gave this movie one-star . someone even accused them of not being young at heart . well , i do n't like this film , and i 'm young at heart ; i 'm just not immature , so try not to confuse the two . some of you need to check your spelling before accusing someone else of bad writing . having said that , on to the film : julie and friends are simply dying to be included in the in-crowd their first year of high school , so on the night julie has a sleepover , they make a deal with some rival girls to go on a " scavenger " hunt , which is basically one huge dare game . the group that fulfills the dares first get to be popular by.. . ( drumroll , please ) sitting at the popular lunch spot . that is , a picnic bench by the school fountain . that 's right ; popularity is not guaranteed by who you sit with , but where you sit . pick the right spot , and you may just magically become queen bee for the rest of the year . in case you could n't tell by my sarcasm , the shallow impracticality of this film truly bugs me at times . we all know the whole popularity thing is practically a tradition for teen chick-flicks , but this film tended to go over the top with a lot of it . granted , a lot of the exaggerated silliness worked for the film ; in fact , the movie 's beginning surprised me with many clever and well-written clips . however , there is such a thing as going too far . the movie becomes absolutely dedicated to making teen girls look like sassy but fashionably ingenuis bimbos and making teen boys look like...well , the dumbest , scruffiest beings that ever stumbled on the planet . not that all the boys are like this , mind you ; there are a few of the god-like types that the girls practically kill themselves for . it got worse , however , when the film attempted to fit in a few serious scenes . if the movie had stuck to pure sarcastic silliness the whole time , it might 've worked . instead , the few attempts to be serious usually fell flat on their faces because the seriousness went in the wrong direction . for example , there was the nauseating scene where poor beaten julie nearly gives up her scavenger hunt and one of her friends says , " julie , i know you can do this ; i believe in you " in a tone which implies that they 're talking about a major life crisis instead of a juvenile daredevil game . the worst " serious " scene , however , is when julie attempts to get into a dance ( therefore fulfilling the final dare ) and the ticket seller wo n't let her in because she does n't have a ticket . suddenly inspired , julie gives the ticket seller a sickening " i know who you are " speech , telling her that she knows she was a nerd her whole high school life and that now , because of her former nerdiness , she 's become a poor ticket seller . julie ends her speech by wailing , " i can see myself being you in four years if i do n't go to this dance ! " the ticket seller leaps to her feet but , instead of punching julie , suddenly breaks into a smile and says , " go ahead and go in ! " um , what ? ? whatever happened to the girls finding out that popularity is n't everything after all and actually getting lives and acting like humans ? ( not to mention that nice sock in the mouth i was hoping julie would get ) . is this what we want to teach our kids , that being dedicated to work makes them nerds and that partying all the time will get them somewhere in life ? i personally think the " nerds " are far better off than the girls who lose their virginity on the first date and party all year rather than learn anything . it was this scene and this message that seriously lowered the film in my opinion . i 'm not sure why the filmmakers decided to end the film with this childish message . maybe they did it on a dare because the popular filmmakers finally offered them a cool lunch spot in exchange . i recommend " never been kissed " and " mean girls " far more than this film ; they have good moral lessons as well as intelligent humor . oh , before i finish , here 's one more valuable lesson from this film : girls , if you want to win a guy who 's never noticed you , all you have to do is strike a cool pose , hop on a skateboard , and ride it directly in front of his car . ( do n't forget to wear an expensive dress and look flawless while you 're at it ) . do this , and he will be so in love with you that he wo n't even care if you tell him that you did something freakish like stealing his underwear . the things we learn from movies , huh ? 
software pos 874.txt i have not had a chance to thoroughly review this product , but i was disappointed the calendar feature could not display the information i wanted especially since i had contacted customer service prior to purchasing the program and was assured it could be done 
music pos 810.txt i just love lynch mixed with dooms production . it is what real is 
music pos 212.txt even if you do n't know much about donny hathaway , this collection of songs is a fun mix and it 's very moving . it includes some classics with roberta flack that are terrific . i enjoy it tremendously 
music pos 857.txt i have listened to this cd for the last several years before going to sleep at night . i love classical music , and this is great music to help make my soul feel at peace and unwind after a taxing day . 
books neg 773.txt the information is sketchy and factually incorrect in some places , and the book would appear not to have been proof-read - for example the botanical names are mis-spelled in several different ways . there are much better books on the subject available 
health neg 339.txt i was excited to try these because i liked the idea of getting my son something that let him put his legs together . i am tired of seeing him so bowlegged due to the diapers . and since i like the other huggies styles , i was very enthused . until i went through 5 diapers , everyone of which leaked . leaking of urine was the biggest problem but after a bm came out the legs , i gave up . i tried everything possible to make these work , but they leak . maybe in the smaller sizes , but size 5 on a 22 month old definitely did not work . also , my son is in 50% percentile for height and weight , so skinny legs were not the problem . no more natural fit / hugflex for us 
books pos 451.txt " i have shooting pains in my upper left arm . " said the pilot to brian . brian is the main character in the book hatchet . this book would be for someone who likes survival in the wilderness or even just survival . i like this book because i am into this type of writing . i think gary paulson is a very intelegant man because.....who could have thought of a book about a boy who his plain crashes into the canadian wilderness and.............do you think he survived the wilderness ? .........he does survive the wilderness ! submitted by : peanut ! 
camera pos 398.txt has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones 
software neg 890.txt this software is fine for altering digital pictures if you do not have any other programs , but if you want to make exciting slideshows , this software is very basic and not user-friendly . i had technical problems from the start . you are better off using ms powerpoint than this software 
books neg 518.txt great book , of course , but for this edition oxford used a computer to justify the type . on every other line you encounter three or four spaces where there should be only one . it may not bother most readers , but i 'm looking for another publisher 's edition 
health neg 845.txt the glasses are well made but i found them awkward to use . they did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . the gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you 
music neg 226.txt although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album " musicology " instead 
books neg 466.txt you get your money 's worth here- -there are a ton of cds in this audio book . unfortunately , i found bryson 's prose ( which i enjoyed a lot when reading silently , as i have done with his other books ) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud . to me , he sounds kind of ' affected ' in parts , and sometimes there is a sort of " moist " sound when he pronounces words . hard to describe until you hear the cd , but trust me on this one . i think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book , and not the cd . i would stick with the written word on this one . 
camera pos 468.txt this scope is one of the best gen 1 units on the market . at 36 lines / mm , it has just about the best resolution . most other units only have 24 lines / mm . the illuminator is bright ( almost too bright ) , uniform , and has a crisp edge . it could be a bit larger , however , so that it would fill the field of view . note that if you remove the eyepiece or lens , ( to put on the riflescope eyepiece or change the magnification ) you will break the seal and the unit will no longer be waterproof . do n't bother with the ir flashlight . it 's output is actually less than the built-in illuminator and it is far from uniform . 
music pos 947.txt never mind the fact that jay introduced the jazz world to charlie parker . his band rocked ! after basie , nobody swung like mcshann . this 2 dis set covers the big band sides and the later 40 's small band jump blues sides . anything by this man is worth listening to . another great disc by the proper label , who release wonderful compilations with informative booklets at a bargain price . highly recommended 
software pos 990.txt this software is very user friendly , easy to install , easy to use . i would recommend it to anyone 
music pos 160.txt being a professional dancer as well as a teacher and having seen hundreds of musicals , i must say i rate this as & quot ; one of the best&quot ; . the dancers are fantastic ! the music utterly great , the choice of dances ( from classical to rock ) is highly deversified . ca n't wait till i get it so i can play it again and again . as well as & quot ; rock the house , shake my bootie , etc&quot 
dvd pos 767.txt it gets laughs in its comicness in certain scenes it gets shocks like the beginning war scenes and the fight scenes it gets more interesting as the plot unravels great actors picked for such roles the perfect killing machines one insane in the brain and one out to save lives that should n't be lost in the first place the diner scene where the soldier orders alot of food and keeps eating and the guy says how you gonna pay for this and the soldier says " i just want to eat , i do n't wanna hurt you , then he kicks ass while still enjoying his meal . and his reporter female friend comes in and says " good meal " as a question that is . and he says without words " makes a happy sigh " that 's hilarious . and how she looks around and see everyone who got their ass kicked from keeping him from eating his food priceless movie worth the watch again and again i 'm glad i saw this on tv when i was younger and i 'm glad i got this on dv 
software pos 130.txt i am amazed what this program can do . it is a big difference from ps 5.5. it is a new learning curve but well worth it . what used to take me hours to do is now an action and done in 2 minutes . amazon had the best price for me from a source i trust ordering from . it is worth it 
health neg 257.txt i 've had these clippers for a little over a month now and they are by far the worst pair of clippers i have ever owned . i have short hair and cut my hair myself twice a week . the length adjuster on the side of the clippers does n't hold . if the clippers are positioned all the way up all it takes is a little pressure and the blade goes all the way down . tightening the screw did n't help either . the attachments do n't fit right , especially the blend attachment . this attachment can only be used if you do n't mind the feeling of having the hair ripped out of your head because all it does is pull . the only good thing about these clippers is that its cordless but whats the point if the clippers suck 
camera pos 954.txt considering the price this camera works great , i use it for taking family pics and is wonderful . what i dont like is the lack of zoom great product anyway 
dvd pos 555.txt the magnificent frame employment , accent even more the claustrophobic atmosphere about a man in an unnamed country , arrested for an unexplained crime he is never told about . the unbearable tension joins with bureaucratic struggle to involve us in a nightmare of uncalculated magnitude . anthony perkins ' emotive memory after psycho fit with adjusted accuracy . a magnificent cast headed by jeanne moreau , akim tamirof , elsa martinelli and welles too . a fundamental icon of the cinematography . footnote : it should be known that a special request of welles around a documental that included at least some shots of the atomic bomb were totally denied to him . something similar happened with kubrick when he asked for flight sequences of the b-52 in dr. strangelove . 
dvd neg 617.txt not worthy of the firm name , this workout was repetitive , boring and does n't belong in a firm lineup . if you 're a true firm believer and love the originals , do n't waste your time with this one , it will only disappoint 
health neg 169.txt it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product 
books pos 788.txt this was an inspiring book for a horse lover and christian . everything was as advertised 
books pos 95.txt i suppose one of the great attributes of the internet is that it allows the juxtaposition of the good , the bad and the ugly . where else could one find reviews of one of the twentieth century 's towering works that variously describe it as a recipe for a police state , an incitement to theft , or as written by someone with no understanding of philosophy ( my personal favourite - thanks adrian ! 
software pos 338.txt the immersion process is the only one that works , and this product is a first rate immerser , making the study painless , even immensely pleasurable as one realizes he / she is coming to " own " a new language and perspective . in working with students it is the best " head start " method that i know of , comparable to one-on-one study for at least a year with an accomplished tutor . unlike less effective methods , it quickly achieves the essential purpose of deeply internalizing the language if one does each of the processes thoroughly . of course continued study , especially in acquiring vocabulary , is necessary , just as it is for those acquiring a native language - the study of any language is ongoing . i would give this program 50 stars if that option were available . 
health pos 416.txt its a very nice little fountain . the lighting on the ceiling is really cool and the water noises are adjustable depending on how you arrange the rocks . it does n't have near enough rocks , so i 'm going to go and get some , but i think once i fill it up a little more it 'll look a lot better too . i 'm satisfied , i actually bought another one : 
music neg 605.txt this cd and the one entitled " night ranger 's greatest hits are almost identical , but are different in this way : " best " contains " i did it for love " . " greatest " contains , instead , " rumours in the air " and " restless kind " . the other 10 tracks on each cd are the same . so , which one to buy ? my choice is the one with the extra track . also , in my opinion , both tracks on " greatest " are better than the one on " best " . in addition , here 's hoping that the band or record label decides to release a true " greatest hits " or " best of " album that will contain about 15 or 16 songs . or maybe a multi-disc compilation that will include some rare tracks . night ranger fans would surely delight to see something like that 
software neg 304.txt both versions of scansoft cause my installer to have problems . mainly it tries to re-install softscan every time i start up softscan . also it has started to try and reinstall softscan if i try to right click on a jpg . there is very little to no chance of getting any help from scansoft ( nuance ) to debug this problem . save your money and buy some thing else 
health neg 425.txt it 's a gimmick . looks good on tv , does n't do what it says . i 'm embarassed to admit i even tried it 
health pos 359.txt i bought this scale for my wife ( ya , i 'm that sort of guy ) ! she 's definitely not heavy , but ' concerned ' and a follower of weight watchers . i was shocked to read various scale reviews prior to purchasing this one and find so many that did not weigh accurately ! well , this one was highly rated by most reviewers for accuracy & they are right . this scale is very accurate in determing a person 's mass ( sorry , i was a physics major too ) and confirmed at her weight watchers ' weighings . as for it 's accurate determination of " body fat " and " water " , i ca n't say , but feel these are a bit gimicry anyway . as for my wife , she loves the scale & me . although , her love for me covers over many poorly chosen gifts , so i 'm not absolutely sure about her love for the scale . however , i do know she uses it ever day and enjoys telling me of her victories 
dvd neg 228.txt this was one of the worst group performances i have ever seen ! unbelievable that disney has financed this " hack act " . and the tread has only started with other weak talented groups coming out of disney . save your money for a better movie 
music neg 89.txt this album made me realize that darn record company produces , for examle , two regular albums ; two best albums ; two tribute albums ; and finally two mixture of everything under a sounds-like-new-but-actually-an-old albums from a musician . this is an example of the mixture of previously released , re-released , at last , over-released best tracks with a sounds-like-regular album title . let me tell you one thing . jp is dead and gone since rob left the band . i doubt there will be more regular jp albums but you 'll have plenty of compilations like this coming out until you stop buying 
health pos 512.txt never owned one of these electric jobs before . could not believe how good it felt and how clean my teeth felt and looked . hated brushing my teeth before and now i will look forward to the experience . never wanted to spend the money before but now they are at an affordable price point . why not have 2 and get all the different heads for a real professional clean ? everyone should have one . 
music neg 582.txt de la proliferacion de bandas angloparlantes de los ' 70 , no encuentro motivos para destacar esta placa....una mas y nada mas ue eso..despues de todo , es mi humilde opinion....humm..humble pie , descansa tranquilo... . 
books neg 989.txt i am absolutely furious about this book . i quit reading about half-way through . i read it through the section about it 's a wonderful life ( chapter 13 ) . in that chapter , i found three mistakes - not minor details , but major , provable points , including misquoting zuzu and misquoting the inscription in the book in the last scene - within four paragraphs . if eliot 's work is that shoddy in four paragraphs , how can i trust the rest of the information in the book ? avoid this at all costs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
software pos 725.txt this map and trip maker is about the same as their previous versions except to my dislike , it no longer supports windows 98 , which happens to be the newest op that my old lap top can use . it also still lists some restaurants that have been closed for two years . the street maps it produces are accurate , except for a few minor glitches 
camera neg 406.txt have had it for a few weeks and glad i brought it great procuc 
music neg 380.txt i 'm sure it was fun for van to record a bunch of songs he likes , but overall this would have made for a disappointing bootleg . thanks for all the great music through the healing game . all good times have to come to an end 
software neg 693.txt do not waste your money ! i consider myself pretty computer savvy , but this software is not easy to use . you 'd have an easier time just drawing out your ideas by hand . 
software pos 217.txt it is wondeful software . simple , easy to use , user-friendly , and very accurate in the pronunciation . buy this cd . do n't waste your money on the subscription at merriam-webster 's website . also try the medical dictionary . it is as equally superb 
camera pos 829.txt i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever 
books neg 192.txt i love dogs but if i had wanted to know the ins and outs of dog obedience training , including the different levels snd sub-levels , i would have bought a manual . i wanted a mystery with fully fleshed out characters and a plot that kept me guessing . i got neither . the characters were neither likeable nor substantive . except for the cop next door , i have no idea what they even look like or what , if anything , they care about besides dogs . the plot was predictable and the action stuck in first gear . maybe the series inmproves after this book . i 'm not taking that chance 
health pos 258.txt i purchased this for my husband as a gift without ever having smelled it . i based my purchase on other reviews , and the fact that i have the burberry classic for women and love it . i crossed my fingers and hoped that the reviews were right . well , they were ! when this came in i could not resist ; i had to open the box . i pulled the outer wrapping back , carefully pulled the box out ( i was able to replace all this without hubby knowing ) , sprayed some into the air , and " ahhhh " , wonderful ! i loved it ! it smells wonderful on my husband , too . it 's kind of woodsy , but not overpowering at all . it 's a classic , warm fragrance , and it lasts a long time . i will definitely buy this again 
health neg 370.txt item does not look any thing like the picture . it is flat . i do n't feel any difference when i am setting for long periods of time 
health pos 969.txt bought 2 of these 3 years ago on qvc for my husband and myself . i was pregnant with my second son and going to get waxed at the nail shop , where it smelled like nail polish remover , was just too much for me at the time . we love these shavers and they work just as well today as they did 3 years ago ! i 'm not sure what the other reviewer is talking about , i get an incredibly close shave with this . to be honest , and maybe a little too personal , i have n't waxed my upper lip since , i only use this ! there is no stubble , no pain and great results ! i have dark hair , and if this in anyway made me look like i shaved , i would never use it ! i am buying 2 more for back up . i hope they never stop making these ! ! 
dvd pos 228.txt disney made its mark as a major studio in 1937 with its first full-length feature film , snow white and the seven dwarves . ironically , given this early success , snow white was their only hit movie for the next 13 years . world war ii kicked the hell out of disney 's overseas markets . even movies today regarded as classic disney - pinnochio , bambi , fantasia - lost money on initial release . disney eked through by diversifying into training films for the us government , and the south american films that were part of fdr 's good neighbor policy , etc. - stuff that made back its costs but not much more . by 1948 , disney was in dire financial straits . they had just enough money for one more movie . walt disney realized he needed a hit or his studio probably would n't survive , and it would have to be what they did best : a full-length animated feature film . walt said to himself , " what we need is a movie about a girl in trouble . audiences love that . they loved snow white . " that 's what he wanted : a movie like snow white , but even more so - more comedy , more drama , more magic , more music , more lovable characters . he chose as the basis of his company 's hail mary pass arguably the most famous fairy tale in the world : cinderella . disney did n't have the money , as they had on earlier films , to lavishly storyboard every scene . thus they hit upon the wonderfully clever idea of shooting the entire movie in live action , then the animators used stills from that as storyboards . the photos used survive to this day , and many are provided as a special edition " extra . " in some cases these photos have the animator 's drawings over them , turning for instance an almost bare stage into a hall in cinderella 's family chateau . in 1950 , cinderella was released and was everything disney so desperately needed . even today , cinderella is arguably the best movie disney 's ever made . it 's just awfully hard to argue with any aspect of this film . the animation artwork was a product of disney 's famous " nine old men " - at that time not yet old . cinderella pulls off , superbly , something not particularly easy to do : it integrates believable human characters with funny cartoon animals and makes it work . from eric larson and marc davis ' beautiful and graceful cinderella to ward kimball 's wonderful jaq and gus-gus the mice and over-the-top lucifer the cat , everything flows together so well it all seems perfectly natural . part of walt disney 's plan to out-snow white snow white with cinderella involved its music . he very consciously wanted cinderella to be a source of hit songs . there had been hit songs from disney films before ( " heigh ho " and " whistle while you work " from snow white , " when you wish upon a star " from pinnochio , etc. ) but they 'd been almost accidental . " oh , we have a hit song , well that 's nice . " for cinderella , disney for the first time went to tin pan alley ( 28th street in new york city where the professional songwriters could be found ) . disney wanted his girl 's music done by the very best craftsmen , the guys who wrote hit songs for a living . the cinderella soundtrack hit big ( a #1 album with 3 / 4 million units sold ) with songs even today considered quintessential disney , most notably " a dream is a wish your heart makes " from the movie 's opening scene , " the work song " while the animals help cinderella clean the house and simultaneously build her ball gown , and " bibbidi-bobbidi-boo " ( nominated for an academy award as best movie song of the year ) from the fairy godmother transformation scene . for their best movie , disney apparently spared no expense producing the dvd . not only has the picture quality been digitally restored , but the audio has also been cleaned up with a new 5.1 surround sound mix . totally gone is the background hiss associated with so many old movies . ( cinderella has the distinction of being " the noisiest movie ever restored " according to its audio crew . ) the original mono soundtrack has also been spruced and is provided as an option for purists . a word about the movie 's aspect ratio ( i.e. how wide the picture is compared to its height ) . the dvd cover says cinderella is presented in its " original full-screen aspect ratio ( 1.33:1 ) " . this is untrue . virtually all sound films until 1953 , including cinderella , were 1.37:1. since a tv screen is 1.33:1 , you do n't lose a lot when the original is " formatted to fit your television . " i just wish they had n't lied about it . cinderella ends at breakneck pace : we go straight from her foot sliding into the glass slipper to the wedding to happily ever after , bing , bang , boom . walt disney believed " audiences like a happy ending , but they do n't like a happy ending that goes on too long . " hey , who am i to argue ? well , maybe i 'll argue . a dvd extra addresses scenes originally planned for the movie but not actually used . one of these would have occurred after the fitting of the glass slipper and before the wedding : cinderella is taken by the grand duke to the castle in her normal everyday clothes ; the first time prince charming sees her since the ball she 's not wearing a lovely gown , she 's wearing her scullery maid outfit . cinderella is frightened , how will he react when he realizes she 's not a fine lady but a poor servant girl ? and of course he does n't care how she 's dressed , he loves her anyway . i can **see** that scene in my mind , it would have worked beautifully . this is the one way in which an almost perfect movie could have been even a tiny bit better 
books neg 626.txt ms wilson needs to make up her mind whether to write a book of literary criticism or a biography . the book suffers from too much critical analysis of sassoon 's poetry and not enough about his life . either he was an extremely boring and prosaic poet or ms. wilson needs to delve deeper into his intellectual and emotional development - really his cricket exploits and his hunting prowess does not lend anything to the very essence of his life . ms. wilson 's prose is turgid and repetitive . an extremely disappointing work 
dvd pos 126.txt a movie to enjoy watching many times . very entertaining and light . 
dvd neg 353.txt i was expecting more because of the history on these tapes / dvd's . this one was disappointing as you do n't feel like you did a workout . i like the older ones better with tammy 
software neg 800.txt i bought this product because i thought norton was a quality product . man did i make a mistake buying this product . i only had it on my computer for 1 month and it made my computer crawl , almost to where it would not hardly work . i deleted it . then my computer starting working just fine . this happened to me 2 times before i got tired of it and trashed it . 
books neg 132.txt this series may be good for a laugh . some of the writing is engaging . but the premise is absurd . why , in this day and age , should anyone accept the world-view of the bible ? a book that tells us to buy and sell slaves , stone our wives to death if they accept some other tribe 's beliefs , and subordinate our minds to an absolute despot up in the clouds of mt. sinai ? in a sense , bible believers have been " left behind " since the 1700s enlightenment . tom paine 's " the age of reason " showed the god of the bible to be a cruel , vindictive monster . and what did thomas jefferson call the book of revelations ? " the ravings of a madman . " read this series , if you like . enjoy parts of it . but make no mistake : to take any of this seriously , you have to regress to a prehistoric world-view , before men learned to think , to ask questions ; before logic or science - - a time when dazed , superstitious primitives believed stars could fall to the earth , if they did n't grovel humbly enough to their supposed god . do the absurdities and contradictions bother no one ? when the " sheep " are raptured up to heaven , their clothes are left behind . so heaven is a nudist colony ? the basic contradiction , of course , lies in using worldly action ( some of it exciting ) to proselytize for the unworldly , the supernatural . but why should we care whether any of the " good " guys gets killed ? and why should they mind - - wo n't they go straight up to heaven ? that 's what they want , is n't it ? why even lift a finger against the " bad " guys - - did n't christ say , " resist not evil " ? worried about who will win ? " god " is infinitely powerful . so jesus ( who is 1 / 3 of god - - or something like that ) is sure to win when armageddon rolls around , in book 12 of the series . and the " sheep " - - the believers - - will happily worship him , looking just like the pictures of dim-witted , bovine people you see in the tracts jehovah 's witnesses leave at your door . the going price for a used copy of " tribulation force " is one cent . does that tell you something ? actually , the story-telling is worth more . the basic premise is worth less . perhaps it averages out 
software pos 486.txt kudos microsoft . my last go around with encare was with the 2004 version . at that time the program had a cluttered clusmey interface . the various modules were n't intuitive or intergrated and it was therefore , confusing and not partuiclarly user friendly . the new interface is quite simple but very powerful . it is well integrated with the web and therefore capable of constant updating . perfect for the student and anyone who likes to research topics . if you have not tried encarta in a while , check it out , there is much to like . 
health pos 842.txt these wipes are great . i have three children and have used the pampers , huggies , and house-brand wipes . the huggies are too thick and it seems you need more of them to get the job done . house-brand do n't smell as good and tend to be a bit rough . the pampers are thin , soft , and moist enough to get the job done-because they are thin , they can be maneuvered around in all the important places and folded / refolded for 100% useage ( unlike the huggies that once they are folded they become too thick to maneuver ) . definitely not too dry as other reviewers have said . if you want something moister , go get a paper towel and wet it with water 
books neg 305.txt i 'm a fan of dave barry , i enjoy his column , i enjoyed some of his books in the past , and i bought this one with great anticipation . boy was i disappointed ! the story is meaningless , the characters are not interesting , the events are mostly dumb and the dialog is uneven and unfunny . do yourself a favor , do not read this book ! i ca n't believe anyone recommends it 
camera neg 339.txt this frame looks great until you turn it on . the picture quality is less than stellar , but that is n't what annoyed me about this frame . when you buy this frame do n't expect to view your photos at the 16:9 ratio without some work in a photo manipulation program . what does that mean you ask ? that means that your photos wo n't fill the entire screen in the 4:3 mode . you will have 2 black bars on either side of your images ; this will not take advantage of the entire frame . if you switch to the 16:9 mode your images will stretch to the width of the frame , making peoples faces distorted . i have a workaround for those who are familiar with image manipulation . see below . the build quality of the frame is pretty good . if mustek would fix the 16:9 problem and get a better quality screen , this would be a nice little frame . a little work is evolved setting up the pictures for the 16:9 ratio , but i figured it out . 16:9 stretches the image , making it look distorted . these steps compensate for the stretch and make your images appear normal . i set up a macro in photoshop allowing me to do a batch in one click of the mouse . you will just need to keep an eye out on how it crops the image . some of your images might be better served one at a time . start with an image that is 1024x768 in your image editing program . 1. go to the image size menu and change the width of the image to 77% ( or 788 pixels ) this will make the image look distorted . that is ok . 2. then go to the canvas size menu and crop the height of the image to 77% ( or 591 pixels ) the image is ready to save . you might want to save as in to another folder so you can go back to your original if needed . 3. copy your edited images on to the flash card and insert into the frame 
software neg 101.txt pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in ... hold on ... let me start again . pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting ... dang it ! give me a few minutes here ... pinnacle studio can assist ... ( samuel l jackson-styled expletive ) ... how many times is this gonna happen ? start and stop ! start and stop ! enough already ! one more time . now , what was i saying ? oh , yeah ... pinnacle studio can assist the amateur videographer in editing some fairly interesting video ... if you can keep it up and running . got the idea ? just adding my voice to the chorus of those have experienced the frustration of the pinnacle products . this is a bargain-priced product for which you will pay the cost of long hours of irritation and heart-pounding races to meet project deadlines -despite the software malfunctions . after installing the program , installing the patches , uninstalling the program and patches and reinstalling the program and the patches , i am still experiencing too many crashes . if you intend to use this program to piece together a video of uncle morty 's birthday party , the family vacation or your neighbor 's kid 's bar mitzvah , the cost and the ease of this program may outweigh the annoyance of its aforementioned weakness . if , however , your video projects fit under the category of " job description , " then i suggest spending the money for adobe premiere 
books pos 564.txt i ran into this book accidentally while doing some research . instead of glancing through it , i ended up reading the whole book . i just could n't put it off . content wise , the book does n't bring me many & quot ; light bumb moments&quot ; . however , i find it extremely well written rhetorically . while the book is easy to read , it is literarily graceful . i 'd suggest everyone to read it- -just to enjoy the beauty of language 
books neg 352.txt it 's a long read , the characters are boring , and the ending makes no sense at all . it is neither funny nor thrilling . it 's just plain dull 
books neg 540.txt had long looked forward to finally reading this " acclaimed " novel . there are brilliant and imaginative highlights in the book , although finding those bits is like looking for light in a black hole , a lot of work for very little result . i truly believe this is a book that would be more interesting if one increased their medication level way past the recommended daily dosage . mark 
health pos 830.txt wow ! i 'm really impressed ! i 've had trouble cleaning under my bridge . i can fish floss under there and clean it good , but it takes a lot of time . now i just blast it clean in minutes . it does a good job of cleaning my back teeth . i 've never been totally satisfied with just flossing . now they feel perfectly clean . i love this device ! it does n't replace flossing . it does a great job under the gums , but i still feel cleaner after flossing . it 's great as a between brushing " touchup " . i recommend it to anyone . my mouth has n't felt this clean in years . i feel like i 've come from the dentist after a cleaning . thats a great feeling to have every day 
dvd neg 633.txt aside from the insanely beautiful lead actress , this is pretty run-of-the-mill stuff . not scary , only sort of gross , but i think it 'd be best in print , clive barker deserved better than this 
camera pos 993.txt i have several different binoculars from small hand held to a large pair of nikon 's i use for wildlife spotting . i have never had anything that performs nearly as well as these do . i am a serious nature and wildlife photographer that has used high end canon photography equipment for years . when i saw a image stabilized binocular was available with " l " glass , ( this is the symbol that canon uses to identify their finest optics in camera lenses ) , i bought them immediately . these binoculars are a little bit heavier than a non stabilized pair , but the weight is easily compensated by the stabilizer . once you press the stabilizer button , the scene will lock , and the effect is amazing . i tested them by looking at a sign about 100 yards away . with my normal hand shake i could not read the sign at that distance . as soon i engaged the stabilizer , the image locked into place and never once moved . it performs as well as my camera lenses . as far as the optics , they are , in my opinion second to none in the world . the image is significantly brighter than any other set i have , and the calrity and sharpness is incredible . the night viewing capabilities are incredible . finally , a huge plus is that these binoculars are completely fog and weather sealed . change amibient temps , use them in the rain , and the will not allow condensation to get into the unit . a wonderful feature for those of us that use our equipment in other than nice weather . things to be aware of include : these are relatively large , which suit a medium to large hand size . if you have very small hands , your may not like the feel of the unit in your hands . second , the lens caps do not perform well . they simple do not stay on the unit . although for me this is not a serious issue , it is the one area that canon could have done a much better job . you can get around this issue by attaching a good uv filter to the lenses . ( you should probably do this anyway to protect the glass ) finally , the strap the the carry case comes with is poor . it is too thin to be comfortably worn for extended use . i would recommend you find a really comfortable aftermarket camera strap to use with these . summary : outstanding performance and quality . a little larger fell in your hands than some people may like , but once you learn to use them , i do not believe any serious birdwatcher or sports fan would ever let them go ! i give the canon l binoculars a 5 star rating . 
dvd neg 275.txt this dvd was the first one released by michael buble , and i bought it in hopes of seeing some of his live performances . there are segments of performances , but the editing and fast , wild cuts from one angle to the next to the next to the next really detract from the overall effect . the performances get largely lost . what remains is a lot of footage of michael and his original bandmembers drinking , clubbing , gambling , womanizing , and generally acting like rowdy frat boys . if you really want to be wowed and experience what a live buble concert is like , i highly recommend " caught in the act " . this dvd lives up to it 's name as part of the pbs great performances series produced by david foster . " caught in the act " is slick , glossy , flashy , enormously fun and absolutely true to the real experience . i 've seen buble perform live twice , and i can attest that " caught in the act " is just about as good as being there 
books neg 566.txt this is a nice book but it does not contain provencal style interiors ! i am not sure how the author came up with that title since anyone who is interested in french country will not find it here . if you are truly looking for provencal decorating ideas-this is not the book for you . confused ! ! 
dvd pos 84.txt i have loved thie movie ever since seeing it on late night tv . i had to search a long time to find it on video before dvd was an option and i have been waiting impatiently for release on dvd since my vhs is wearing out . the gradual awakening of young ta to which girl is truly right for him and sammy fong 's attempt to disillusion his picture bride are priceless although the latter was often cut out during late night broadcasts . the ballet is sublime even though you can tell when they switched from james shigeta to a professional dancer . afterall , it 's the music and the story that make this great . 
books neg 396.txt " ...minus several million for good thinking.. . " - zaphod beeblebrox , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy the above quote ( and the score i 've assigned to this book ) are n't in reference to the text or the author , but to the publishers . why anyone with the brains of a sea urchin would cross professor hawking as they seem to have done is beyond me . briefly , save your money and buy the illustrated brief history of time instead of the theory of everything , even if you 're a compulsive hawking completist . alert readers should notice that hawking does n't hold the copyright for theory of everything , and attempted to block its publication . it was originally titled the cambridge lectures : life works , and appears to have been drawn from some recordings of lectures given by the professor years ago . ( see the professor 's web site for details . ) the " vanilla " ( i.e. , not the illustrated ) theory of everything consists of an introduction , seven lectures , and an index , without *any* illustrations or diagrams . out of curiosity , i compared a library copy of it with the illustrated brief history of time . unless otherwise noted , each of the 7 lectures corresponds to a chapter of the same name in brief history , in some segments only with slightly different paragraphing and punctuation ( and occasionally the kind of spelling errors that creep in when one transcribes audio narration to text , if i may speculate as to the cause ) . i do n't understand why anyone would prefer the less polished text of theory of everything to the illustrated brief history of time , which not only has updates for new areas of research , but has been revised and rearranged to explain things more gently to the layperson . " ideas about the universe " is essentially an extract from " our picture of the universe " , the first chapter of brief history , with about one sentence 's worth of drift per paragraph . brief history 's version of " the expanding universe " has a more gradual introduction to the methods of measuring distances to nearby stars , and explains technical terms that may be unfamiliar to the non-scientist , such as luminosity . theory of everything really shows its age in " black holes " when compared to brief history , as hawking has not been idle in that area over the years . the illustrated edition of brief history has had a fair bit of interesting material added to " black holes " , especially regarding cosmic censorship and naked singularities ( hawking having made a few *more* bets on the subject with preskill and thorne , although he paid off the cygnus x-1 wager ) . " black holes ai n't so black " lacks major blocks of clarification / explanation added by hawking to the version in brief history . brief history 's version of " the origin and fate of the universe " goes into more detail : about the kinds of particles that are predicted to have come out of the big bang , and what sort of results we 'd expect to see today if the predictions hold , and the scientists who first put forward these theories . brief history also contains a much longer version of the " open questions " section , leading more gradually up to the discussion of guth 's development of the inflationary model . " the direction of time " corresponds to brief history 's " the arrow of time " ( which is worth picking up just for the picture of the keeper of the u.s. cesium clock ) . brief history goes into more detailed examples to explain what hawking means by the psychological arrow of time , with the simplest kind of " computer " : an abacus . " the theory of everything " mainly corresponds to brief history 's more modestly titled " the unification of physics " , which is much more up to date ( string theories are still covered , but a lot more work has been done in that area over the years ) . the tail end of the lecture corresponds to the ending of brief history 's " conclusion " . - - in summary , this is interesting stuff , but the illustrated brief history of time does it better 
music pos 669.txt basie 's best players come to duke 's place , the columbia records 30th street studios in 1961 and face ellington 's finest . not a battle , but not quite a merger , either , since the count 's contingent is heard in one speaker and their hosts in another channel . there 's more than an hour of good music on here , laid down in the dying days of big jazz touring orchestras . popular tastes had changed and the costs of keeping large groups of players together were impossible . this is one of those rare cd 's in which the booklet is almost as good as the music . this one reveals that during this 12-hour late-afternoon-to-early-morning session , one of ellington 's long-time employees quit the group forever because the boss would not take his side in a fight with a colleague . also interesting is the dispute over the title and cover graphics . basie hated columbia 's first idea to bill the date as a competition , and his agent even destroyed the only copy of the original cover art . the end result is an album whose sales over 40 years have been hurt because no one knows its name . the cover finally chosen says " the count meets the duke " but in larger letters it declares " first time ! " and then adds " 2 great orchestras " and finally states " duke ellington and count basie . " the label columbia / sony put on the disc itself for this reissue says " duke ellington meets count basie " which makes no sense because they had known each other since the 20's . if you already like both orchestras , you 'll want to own this late career session . if you want an introduction to each group in its waning years , the cd serves nicely for that , too . this disc really jives , so do n't be expecting any ballads here 
dvd neg 463.txt after i saw the first two " scary movies " i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell 
camera neg 800.txt amazon sent me an email asking me to write a review of this product . usually i like to have actually used the product before writing a review , but since i have n't received it yet , that is not possible . it has been over 1 month since i ordered this with the crutchfield storefront at amazon.com . amazon 's site indicated the product was in stock , but since ordering , it has been placed on back order twice and expected to ship in a few days from now . i just wonder how it could take so long to get a product from manufacturer to end user . i do n't know where this is manufactured , or who crutchfield 's supplier is , but needless to say i am not entirely pleased with this whole process.. . which does n't really have anything to do with amazon . i hear dv cable does it 's job , but i 'll have to wait and see 
books pos 402.txt i received this as a gift . very happy read . captures thoughts you hope your best friend has 
music pos 146.txt this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s 
music pos 391.txt i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . & quot ; in dulce decorum&quot ; is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing 
camera pos 396.txt i just bought this waterproof case in order to use my canon s410 on a scuba diving trip . i was a little nervous at first ( i could see me scrapping the camera after it got soaked to the bone ! ) , but i have to say that the waterproof case performed admirably ! i used it on 6 dives , and all of them were to depths of 80+ feet . i did not have one leak ! a word of caution- -i followed instructions and coated the seal of the camera with a fine coat of silicon gel ( just a small amount ) . i would like to think that the camera would not leak without this , but i did not want to take any chances . i would recommend this case to anyone who wants to use their canon camera on dive trips or excursions at the beach 
music neg 558.txt i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this albu 
music pos 103.txt i 'm just starting to become a true fan of pigpen . earlier , i just did n't get him and i would constantly skip forward to more of the gd extended jams . lately , i 've started to get what he was all about and what made him such an important part of the early dead shows . i 'm glad i picked up this set . it 's pigpen 's night and we should all be happy for this nice memory . pick it up . note : the rest of the band has some fine moments too ! ! 
dvd pos 112.txt ( 4.5 / 5 stars ) exceptional envisioning of the batman comic book by tim burton . michael keaton brings an understated disaffection in the role of the billionaire with a disturbed soul and dual personality . contrast this with the unbridled mania of the character in " batman begins ; " both are equally effective , though one style over the other will likely appeal to you . is there any topping jack nicholson in his role as jack napier / the joker ? only he can pull off such an exaggerated performance and have it be so fun without ruining a movie . even though his role is suitably funny , there is a little too much humor overall in the movie . robert wuhl 's character is especially unnecessarily comical . also , while danny elfman 's score is duly heroic and compelling , the music by prince just does n't mesh well and is probably not the best choice . nonetheless , the visuals are stunning , the action is taut and the film vastly entertaining . it is a testament to the film 's influence that numerous comic book movies have subsequently used danny elman scores ( including rival marvel 's " spider-man " ) and molded black rubber suits , though this film also owes much to 1978 's " superman " with its realistic approach and a-list villains . great stuff . 
books neg 6.txt why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad ? after the wonderful quinn trilogy fans ( including me ) begged and begged for nora roberts to write seth 's story . after all we journeyed with seth through we wanted to see him fall in love . nora roberts repeatedly said she would not write one . but us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it . and we got chesapeake blue . reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted seth 's story but....this was n't what i ( and my fellow nr fans friends ) wanted . first of all i wanted the heroine to be aubrey . after their beautiful friendship in the quinn trilogy i expected her to be seth 's love interest . but i tried to keep an open mind after all i loved anna , grace , and sybill , but dru whitcomb banks was a completely let down . all she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what cam , ethan , philip , and seth experienced as children . seth becoming an artist was a surprise too i expected him to join the family business and design boats . the gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline . there 's no reason gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that seth would n't tell his family considering the quinn brothers ( and wives ) worked their so hard to keep him away from her . i closed this book vowing never to request , beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they do n't want to . because this is what you get 
books pos 712.txt this book rocks ! every writer on this project knows how to create an image of the invictus . its just like i imagined it but better . the blood oaths are incredible and will add so much to my game . the subtlties of dress as outlined in the beginning of the story are already a part of my elysium and the book came out a scant week ago . this book will make your chronicle rock if the invictus are your antagonists they will be much better for you having read this if they are the majority of your pc 's ( like in my game ) get it now and tell your players to do the same . this is a must have for anyone who really wants to portray the byzantine politics of the requiem 
camera neg 646.txt very good product very satisfied , the night vision is great clarity is very good and portability is awesome plus the price is even bette 
music pos 64.txt one of the best doobie collections out there " greatest hits " lives up to its name focusing on the singles the band recorded and that charted in their long career . some of the songs here are the single versions ( meaning they were edited and are shorter than the album versions ) and this might be a problem for some fans as they may want the full length versions of songs . maybe it 's because they were trying to squeeze more music onto the cd . either way fans may want to be aware of that . in fact even on the boxed set we get " listen to the music " , " nobody " and " rockin ' down the highway " in their single incarnations . perhaps its because that was the way fans originally heard them on the radio . either way , fans looking for the full length versions of these songs would do well to pick up one of the import " greatest hits " collections or wait for the remastered cds coming out later this year . this set does have one track not on the boxed set- - " without you " a great rocker . the cd booklet is exactly like the larger booklet that comes with the boxed set just laid out a bit differently . this definitely covers the highlights of the band 's career whether it be the tom johnston rockin ' years , michael mcdonald 's blue-eyed soul stage or the band 's reunion phase this has a bit of it all . personally , i would love to see a two disc distillation of the band 's " greatest hits " with a second disc of album tracks such as " i cheat the hangman " , " losin ' end " , " the captain and me " and " how do the fools survive ? " . in the meantime this single disc compilation will have to do for most fans . the sound is terrific pulling from the remasters produced by bill inglot for the boxed set . detail and clarity is remarkable and puts the previously issued " best of " pair to shame . this is the only place to get their singles from their first in 1970 " nobody " to their last ( when this compilation was put togetherin 2001 ) " dangerous " released in 1991. 
camera neg 644.txt i do n't see how they can recommend this kit for all dx cameras . the dx7590 would barely fit in that case 
books neg 764.txt ch.9 - heated moments - graphic details of a girl starting her period . writing makes it seem that a girl 's period is something wrong 
software pos 334.txt after going insane with the new version of norton systemworks 2005 , which does n't even install , i decided to finally swear off all symantec products . i have used zone alarm pro for some time . it 's not perfect , but it certainly will protect your computer . i took the plunge and went with the full security suite this week , and i 've been relatively happy . on the plus side , the software works really well . the personal firewall is better than any you can find , and the virus protection found a phishing app that norton had not ( before i had unstalled it ) . on the minus side , the firewall can be problematic . i 've had page load issues on ebay and on my own site which has a cgi script to keep my images and files from being hotlinked ( bandwidth theft ) . when i visit my site or any other that has a similar anti-theft cgi script , the images simply wo n't come up . ebay gets all messed up as well . i have n't been able to figure out a setting that works , so i have to turn off the firewall on ebay and a few other sites , which kind of defeats the purpose of a firewall . this does n't happen a lot though , so it 's not annoying enough to get my dander up . all in all it 's been a far better investment than symantec products , so despite its limitations i would recommend this program . it does have a lot of options to set , but they are pretty easy to get through if you are computer literate . if you decide to go with this program and you currently have norton antivirus , you will need to uninstall norton before this program will run . if you were to ask me if i preferred symantec systemworks or zone alarm security suite , there would be absolutely no hesitation in recommending zone alarm . 
health pos 929.txt this product perfrorms as expected , and very easy to clean with almost not maintenance . it also has an adjust dial for the humidity , which gives you some control . love the machin 
dvd pos 819.txt they do't make musicals like this anymore . well , they do n't really make musicals anymore , do they ? they used to make them , made them well and they came out like " down argentine way . " the plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright , costumes lavish and not a few laughts . the major players - betty grable and don ameche - are as engaging as usual.carmen miranda makes her us film debut and sings , dances and mispronounces her way to stardom . the 20th century fox role players appear ( charlotte greenwood , j . carrol naish , henry stephenson ) and add to the fun . 
music neg 673.txt i am wondering when this plague will be over... . and when we 'll be set free to listen to real music.. . we all are so tired of her 
camera pos 191.txt this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags 
software neg 310.txt other than the substandard security ; the endless hours you will spend trying to clean out spyware , protecting against viruses , etc. ; and the fact that microsoft has built in it 's own spyware to notify them when you are connected to the internet , it 's pretty good . it is a good evolution of their graphical interface and quite intuitive . if you are concerned about your ability or willingness to protect yourself against malicious attack from internet scumbags , buy a mac . as you face the upgrade to ms vista , you 're going to need to upgrade your cpu , so you are essentially at a crossroads . good luck 
health neg 266.txt the glasses are well made but i found them awkward to use . they did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . the gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you 
books neg 679.txt i 've seen much better photos / articles on dylan and would not suggest this particular work . i will be selling my copy in the used section . 
software neg 31.txt i am an experienced computer user , and i bought this primarily on my previous experince with symantec products , which had been good . my experience with this product was unfortunately , very poor . first - the product claims to be able to clone your boot partition , but this failed repeatedly , creating cloned partitions which were not bootable . second - tech support failed to provide an answer for days while i eventually figured out myself that i needed to use the bootable media to make a clone of my system disk - something the windows application was happy to try and fail at without warning . even when i attempted to provide this information to tech support so they could answer similar questions for others , they did n't get what i was saying and sent me another form letter response detailing how to make a copy ( instructions which failed of course ) . third - on another occasion , even using the bootable media , i got the error " 1517 " when attempting to clone by boot partition . searching the web revealed others having this problem , and symantec tech support full of bogus solutions for it . fourth - no support for usb / firewire drives with the bootable media . on the plus side - it did resize partitions i asked it to without trouble ( i give it one extra star for something working ) 
music pos 129.txt i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration 
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs 
dvd pos 873.txt this was the first dvd i purchased after i bought my dvd player ( i know , it took me a while to get one ) . i had never seen the movie before , but amazon[.com] reccomended it so i took the chance . it had the perfect amount of predictability and comedie and romance . it 's the same story line that gets used a million times and never grows old . boy and girl are best friends . girl likes boy , but boy likes a different girl . boy asks for help from girl to get the other girl . boy realizes he 's in love with friend girl just in time to stop her from leaving 
health neg 940.txt i bought this item and had it shipped to a friend out of state . it never worked . she replaced the batteries when it arrived , but that did n't help . it was a complete waste of time and money 
books neg 479.txt for years , i had heard the akashic records being touted as the unwritten spiritual book of life , that included every event , every living soul who had ever taken a breath from the beginning of time through eternity . the subject was beyond fascinating , as my limited mortal mind could not grasp the enormity of such a body of knowledge " existing " . however , i took it on absolute faith that this was so and recently endeavored to find the quintessential book on the subject . knowing of mr. cayce 's tremendous psychic following , i assumed this book would enlighten me and others . i excitedly bought a new copy for myself and sent another to a friend . after trudging through the first 68 pages , i felt lost and befuddled . the writing and text are difficult to follow and not at all in " layperson 's " language . perhaps this book is meant for an experienced psychic mind and intellect , one who understands the language and is willing to muddle through the long-winded case histories to discover meaning and relevance . my friend confessed she had read a mere chapter or two , then set it aside . pie dumas author & life coach 
camera pos 641.txt this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras 
books pos 731.txt i really enjoy all of mary engelbreit 's books and my little girls do , too . we like to look at them over and over again . this book is full of ideas from recipes , to summer crafts , to gardening , and to sewing so that you can make your home an interesting place to visit 
health neg 304.txt they claim that it helps you fall asleep and keeps you asleep . i did fall asleep sooner , but was n't able to stay asleep . i did n't find it to work well at all . 
camera neg 260.txt i bought the sd300 to take with me touring by motorcycle . it is so small , i can just put it in a belt case and always have it . with the appropriate sd card i can take a huge number of pictures at a high quality setting . the pictures turn out great , but . eight months after i bought it , the lcd screen suddenly went all crazed when turned on , tho there was no visible damage . i returned it for repair , no problem , no expense , had it back in two weeks . less than 3 months later , same thing . i know i did not drop or bump it , it went down in the 10 minutes between showing some pictures to one person , then to another , indoors . i called , was told it was still under warranty from the previous repair , and got a return label . then i got an e-mail saying that i would have to pay $97 for repairs to the lcd screen caused by impact damage . i replied to the e-mail to protest , and was ignored . i finaly called , and was told that tho the warranty was still in force , this damage was not covered . checking aroun the web , i found that this is a common problem , not damage . unfortunately , i had already authorized the repair when i found this out , so i guess i am stuck . i have several canon products , will not buy any more 
camera neg 314.txt they arrived on time and after that everything went downhill . the batteries charged lasted atleast five hours , so no complaints there , but the charger would keep coming out from the wall . it only seemed to work if it was all the way in and it would n't stay all the way in , i tried several outlets , finally after a whole two months it no longer worked at all 
software pos 287.txt i have used this anti-virus since 2000 , i liked it then , and i love it now . if your the type of user that does not want to worry about your computer on the internet , this is for you . it can be a pain on older computers that have less ram , but it still gets the job done . now the cons , i had 3 experiences with customer service , and 2 were postitive , and 1 was negative . i 'm not throwing the baby out with the bath water , although i wanted too . the woman was extremely rude , to the point that i contacted the corporate office . in the end i did renew my subscription . i had no idea how easy it is for exe programs , and the such to change settings on your computer allowing attacks . this software lets you know when your settings have changed as soon as they get changed . for 20.00 how can you go wrong ! 
software pos 682.txt i chose office ultimate 2007 as it seemed to not only have everything i could possibly need to run a business , but also easy functionality that would keep me from pulling my hair out because of software or design issues . ultimate 2007 certainly does n't disappoint ! - set up was fairly easy : two disks came with the package . disk one contains most of the software and disk two contains applications that guarantee that you are the owner of the software and have the right to all of the accounting and key business functions . - ribbon technology removes the old " hunt and find " menu method ( although for those of us that took the time to memorize and learn the location of every buttom and drop-down it did take a day or two to get used to the new set up ) . - integration with the web and other programs is virtually seemless . - excel is no longer the chore it once was because of the above mentioned ribbon . - accounting software is included . - ink and crossword . i 'm not one for games on my business pc , but for anyone that likes to doodle or zone out with crosswords , ultimate lives up to its name by including an art program designed for pen users and excellent crosswords . - onenote . i like post-its ( perhaps a little too much *l* ) and always used the post-it note software on my business computer to keep notes . i used onenote 2003 sparingly because i simply found the post-it note software easier to use on my desktop , but...with my tablet pc one note 2007 added a new dimension to my notetaking that i feel will work well with my business : the earlier mentioned web and application integration and handwriting to text functionality . i may still use post-it now and then for quick notes or perhaps the windows " stickys , " but the long note pages , pasting of images and other web info , and pen to paper note taking makes this product invaluable . - word . what can i say ? this is my primary software tool and i use it on a tablet pc . the 2007 applications were made for my computer type . i can easily click on formatting tools with the touch of my wacom pen and i do n't have to stop mid-thought to make a change or wait until i finish the document to then make my edits . - powerpoint , publisher , access , groove , infopath et cetera ( also included ) : i am still delving into these , but they appear to have all of the perks of the other programs . so , did i have any dislikes ? 1. the ink program does n't respond to my wacom pen as well as the windows journal or microsoft onenote . it also does n't have easy to use tools within the software . since it was an " extra " and will not be my primary desktop publishing , design , or art tool - i 'll probably remove it at some point from my tablet . 2. microsoft does not include an instruction manual or reference book with this program . as a result , after installation of the first disk and microsoft 's statement that all of my programs were installed , i could n't find my accounting software , had no idea that the accounting software was on the second disk ( the second disk , when loaded , does n't mention that the software is on the disk until after the software installation is complete and instead mentions other business applications ) , and wasted over an hour trying to find it . also , i 'm a " hands on " person and although i have access to the internet whenever i need it , i enjoy having an actual book in my hands from time-to-time while learning . ultimate is made with enough simplicity that a manual is n't really necessary ( i.e. most questions can be answered by the " help " window ) , but...for the hefty price tag , i do n't think it would have been too much to ask microsoft to include a basic " this is how you install the programs and this is what to expect " booklet . also note : athough microsoft , through their downloads e-mail updates , provided a " getting started " tab with a " how-to " for each major software applications , the tabs had to be added " after the fact " and many of you might find yourselves frustrated with the lack of upfront instructions on how to use the software . beside those few quirks , i fully stand behind my 5 star rating of this product and purchasing this product through amazon ( i.e. amazon 's pricing was less than the big boy retailers or online vendors ) . shipping turnaround with super saver : 2 days . 
software pos 350.txt quickbooks is an incredible product . if you have never used it before try having someone walk you through it 
dvd neg 27.txt psele una estrella como calificacin slo para poder respaldar a quienes ya han opinado , pues se trata de un bodrio de pelcula . yo , felizmente , slo la arrend ; de lo contrario , la prdida de dinero habra sido mucho mayor . 
music neg 933.txt dan fogelberg is an extremely talented songwriter and performer . unfortunately , the songs that get the most radio play are his weaker efforts , songs that seem formulaic and & quot ; safe . &quot ; his best songs are the lesser known works - - listeners have to buy the albums in order to hear them . they 'll never make it to the pop airwaves . serious fogelberg fans will be disappointed by this greatest hits cd . & quot ; greatest hits&quot ; is not synonymous with & quot ; greatest music . &quot 
camera pos 216.txt " wow ! " is all i can say to express my reaction after getting prints taken with my 17-40. i 've been using nikon manual-focus nikkors since 1988 and was always satisfied with the color and sharpness . however , after using the canon " l " series , i 've sold a lot of my nikkors . the color , clarity , sharpness , and detail of the " l " lenses are amazing . the prints have this 3-d effect ( without having to use those silly red / blue glasses ! ) 8 - ) within 3 weeks of receiving my 17-40 , i ordered the 70-200. those two lenses will replace my whole nikkor collection . build is really good . the " l " zooms are a little bulkier , but very managable . the nikkors are smaller , but very heavy . but lense technology and coatings have improved so much in 20 years , i can see the difference . i tested the lens by pointing it toward the sun . the 17-40 surprising handles flare very well . with the sun just outside the field of view , there was very little flare and loss of contrast . i also make 12x18 prints , and this lens handles them easily . the body is going to be the limiting factor ( refering to digital bodies ) . warning : once you use " l " glass , you are going to be spoiled . you may not settle for consumer lenses anymore , although some non-l lenses are quick good from what i read 
books pos 592.txt expect everyone to maintain a peaceful hush as you read this book aloud . a sense of serenity permeates through the words and is perfectly matched by the illustrations . the imagery captures your senses and the story pulls at your heartstrings . grandfather twilight is an endearing character that makes you feel warm and safe . this wonderful book is sure to appeal to all ages ( preschool to an older adult ) . and , it is n't just for bedtime either . 
music neg 248.txt i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back 
health pos 861.txt i have nothing bad to say . it gets hot enough . it was cheap . it seems well made . the cover is washable . it 's just what i was looking for 
software pos 750.txt this software is wonderful ! i have been trying to find a good program to scrapbook digitally for many years . i 've tried broderbund ( sp ? ) whose interface was too clumsy , nova which was rather difficult at times ( many things you ca n't do ) and now this . when i first took this out of the package and installed it i thought i had made the wrong decision with this software since there were very , very few backgrounds , templates or embellishements even when i opened the xtras cds that came with this . i truly did not feel the xtras cds were worth purchasing since there are very few things on them . but then i found the tutorials that are included on the cd and watched the one about making collages . i did n't get halfway through the video - i had figured out how to do it . i have now created some of the best scrapbook pages i 've ever made . within hours i had a beautiful collage / letter to send with my holiday cards . my husband 's first impression was a heartfelt " it 's lovely " . what has so throughly convinced me of the abilities of this software is that i can take any image and make it a background , i can create and manipulate text almost any way i want , i 've been able to create my own embellishments as well as using downloaded embellishments from websites that sell it ( .png format ) . i feel like i have no limitations on what i can do now . i imagine this software is not as sophistacated as adobe illustrator , but then it probably is n't as complicated to use ( from what i remember that program has a rather steep learning curve ) . you can also use the eyedropper tool to " pick up " any color from any picture , background , or element ( read " anything " ) in the program . i was able to take the background colors and make embellishments that matched ! i can take a color from one of my pictues and make a background that matches . you can also remove backgrounds from photos - it takes a bit of time to do , but the area around the image will be transparent - this functionality has many uses . you can also save your files in many different formats including .jpg for file sharing , etc. there are so many more features i could n't possibly list them here , nor would you want me too ( too much time ) . if you only use premade templates and do n't feel ready to venture out on your own yet this software may not be for you unless you find a website that sells templates for this software . you could start with something like nova scrapbook factory deluxe 3.0 , which i liked , and when you start becoming really frustrated by its limiations it may be time to move up to this program . you may also want to read a book about digital scrapbooking to give you ideas and alert you to possibilities . the great thing about this program is that it is n't just for scrapbooking . you can do all your photo manipulation in it . i have always liked paint shop pro so much that i have n't been able to afford to upgrade my copy since version 6 , but i kept using that version . i 'm so glad i got version 10 as it is very user friendly too . but please know that version 10 ( which comes with this package ) is not the most recent version . version 11 is out now . if you do n't want / need the xtras cds that come with this package you may want to just buy the most recent version and buy some embellishements from a website that makes .png files ( portable network graphics format ) or make your own . i hope you have as much fun with this software as i am having . i highly recommend the training videos on the cd - they really help 
health pos 158.txt i love this . everyone can have their own data and we can track our own progress . it is very simple to use and the explanations are clear 
dvd neg 174.txt absolutely unwatchable . cliche-ridden . so silly it 's very nearly offensive . it 's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb , beautiful women , buff , monkey-headed ghetto thugs , and jokey tricked-out cars . without a doubt one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the script is laughable , the acting worse . vin diesel and paul walker are more " dumb and dumber " than " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " . awful 
camera neg 481.txt this camera is the worst ! ! ! i bought this on black friday there are many reasons why i am returning this piece of junk : 1.first of all , it runs on double a batteries 2.when i came home i started taking pictures.after i took my first picture , it said error saving image ! 3.then it worked and it didnt work.i tried downloading some of the pictures that were actually saved on the camera onto the computer.when i finished downloading them , i looked for the pics on the computer.i f0und them but the pics were all blurry.i was so fed up that i left it sitting on my computer desk for the next 2 months . do not buy this camera , it will be a waste of your money and time ! i actually thought hp made good cameras.....- _ - 
camera pos 717.txt high iso and large screen were the reasons for my purchase . the screen is great but , when you force the iso 1600 , it seems to darken the pictures more than in 800. i have a s5200 and that one seems to adjust other options like white balance much better when an iso is set w / o having to go to full manual option . definitely something to improve ! the auto option seems to work much better and i was surprised with how good the high speed three frame shooting works . also , the two picture function ( it takes two with slightly different sets automatically ) saves me on a lot of ' re-posing 
dvd pos 71.txt it 's not a conflict of good and evil that drives millions ( fox ) , but rather issues of what 's right and wrong . set in the uk , this exquisite family film about two brothers , serious seven year old damien and fun-loving nine year anthony , who recently lost their mom and discover a suitcase full of british pounds has dropped out of the sky and crashed into their playhouse . and it 's only seven days before the official currency switches to euros . the brothers think it came from god and they have differing agendas : spend it on themselves or give it to the needy . but the money , on a train to incinerators , was tossed by crooks to accomplices and they want the missing bag back . millions is funny , scary and profound . you may even discover things about yourself you never before considered . rated : pg . genre : family drama / comedy . 1 hour , 38 minutes . starring : james nesbitt , daisy donovan , alex etel , lewis mcgibbon . director : danny boyle . 
software pos 824.txt absolutely love this program . i 'd been using norton for years and so was initially hesitant to switch . its not as user friendly as norton and has the annoying habit of repeatedly asking for permission even after it has been granted . on the upside this feature adds to its efficiency and gives the user complete control over all internet activity , making it an exceptionally good security program . 
music neg 511.txt ac / dc is no doubt one of the best rock bands of all time , but they are not growing as musicians . sure , they can rock like they used too , but they seem to be out of ideas . the well is dry . put out a anthology already ! ! ! at least my favorite band deep purple keep coming up with good stuff , and with imagination ! the fact that purple 's music continues to fascinate as well as puzzle after all this time is evidence we are dealing with art of the highest caliber . anyway , better luck next time angus & co. stiff upper lip ~ ac / dc : 2 stars 
camera neg 219.txt while this lens has an attractive price tag , this lens has serious trouble with sharpness . only at high shutter speeds ( 1 / 250 and above approx . ) or with a good flash and middle apertures ( f / 8 to f / 22 approx . ) does it deliver sharp images . horribly slow autofocus . i am already saving to buy and l-series or the is usm version 
music neg 711.txt i ordered the dvd of damn yankees to watch on tv for my daughter because she is doing a play and needed it for the day i ordered it . i paid for fast delivery because she had a deadline and we were thrilled to receive it on time but was very disappointed to see that it was the cd of only music ! i do n't think i will order from amazon again , it was my first time and probably my last . liz snyde 
dvd neg 4.txt the movie is a about a guy , who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that . that 's pretty much the whole story . well , the idea is quite powerful but not new , the characters are done in the " comics " style and very primitive , the jokes are quite boring . actually what is really amazing , that it could 've been ok to watch as a family movie , but a few really tasteless jokes made it pg13 rated without adding any fun , so the movie about family values is not appropriate for kids . too boring for adults , not appropriate for kids , too much moral for young crowd - i ca n't really think who might like it 
music pos 813.txt i have been hankering after this great album on cd for a long time now . imagine my surprise to suddenly find out that it is available . surprise turned to shock when i saw the price . does the company that produces this cd not realise that are people all around the world ( including south africa where i live ) who are very keen on this album ? at this stage though , it is only the very wealthy that can afford it . 
dvd pos 988.txt very good movie . great acting & plot . very touching . i am very glad i own this movie . i will watch it very often 
dvd neg 328.txt i owned the original vhs version...i quickly gave it to a friend of mine , free of charge . eric johnson may be considered a guitar great ( i do n't get it ) , but he has the personailty of a shoelace and it is aptly demonstrated in this instructional video . some people just are n't good teachers , no matter how great a guitarist they are . as an added bonus , his guitar is drenched in reverb throught the entire video , even during specific examples & demos ! say what ? finally , the length of the video was way too long ( or at least it felt that way . it took repeated viewings for me to get therough from start to finish ) . throw in a mind-numbing finale / lecture about patch cables , cable length , pick gauge , strings , theories on physics and you get eric johnson : total electric guitar - agonizing to watch & absolutely god-awful . stick w / brian setzer ( the rockabilly instructional bible ) , james burton ( hello.....elvis ' guitarist ! ) , yngwie j . ( the only instructional video you need for precision shredding ) , danny gatton ( 1 & 2 : encyclopidias of all styles ) or b.b. king : bluesmaster ( extremely in-depth analysis / demos of b.b. 's style by b.b. ) instructional videos / dvds . even if it 's not your style , these are highly informative , educational & entertaining . i highly recommend these 
health neg 15.txt in the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them . i wish i had known this before . now i have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it . do not buy for body fat measurement 
camera neg 216.txt a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp 
software neg 170.txt as is typical with software claiming to be " topo " , it is not . expecting that the buyer of topos will typically be someone looking for usgs quads this software is not as advertised . since i own the other major competing program ( for which you need to buy each state in order to get quads ( and for which i can not seem to find wyoming ) ) , i was eagerly awaiting this package . in five minutes i realized delorme is essentially useless to the backpacker / mountain biker ( et al ) . you can order quads very simply using the package , but at the zoom level appropriate for making an ordering decision the wonks at delorme decided they would make the map blank ( apparently to force you into buying electronic quads at $2.50 a piece ) . so , you need to actually know the quad you want before you order it . well , if i knew that , i would already own the quad , and certainly would n't need to buy an electronic version . for 2.50 more i could get it laminated . yes , this is a flame , but it is deserved . delorme might be great software if you know the quad you want ; it is ridiculous software if you are trying to explore and area in order to decide where you want to go ( and then download , and pay for , the appropriate map ) . all in all , a complete waste of money- -i only feel it worth my time to write this review so that the suppliers of such software get a clue and discover a more appropriate business model ( versus selling blank maps , with a 100 dollar credit for maps that you do n't even know will work ) cheers . 
books pos 819.txt this very fascinating book is a story written in the form of numerous letters and personal diary entries made by the principle character of the book . it chronicals the life of a young scottish woman forced to live first in china then japan . well written and historically accurate , it 's obvious the author is intimately familiar with the the culture , customs , history and life style of japan . this makes the book that much more interesting and fascinating for those who enjoy realism and demand accuracy in a story . for all who 've ever lived in japan , it 's a believable tale that literally makes you feel you 've stepped back in a time machine to witness the birth of modern japan . for those who have n't lived in japan , believe that the author has done his homework and is not simply just creating a fictional setting in his mind . because of this , he 's able to focus on his character versus scene / setting development and thus creates a living breathing person in your mind . the timespan covers over 40 years as the story weaves through her trials and tribulations , and shows how her fortitude and strength serve her through tumultuous events in her life . a gripping tale that draws on your emotions and has you constantly rooting for her . when the last page is read it leaves you wishing the story would continue , but even good books must end . be prepared to sit a spell . once you start reading you 'll find it hard to put down 
dvd neg 217.txt i really did give this a chance but i ca n't say i like the show . it focuses more on the " police " aspect and less on the science , which differentiates the csi series from most of the other garbage out there . i know david caruso has his fans but i just ca n't appreciate him in this vehicle.. . 
software neg 742.txt it 's a piece of junk , so save your money and some headaches . even dell technicians ca n't fix it . my new dell computer had norton ghost pre-installed with a back-up hard drive just for cloning . it sounded like a perfect setup except my norton ghost would n't work . contacted dell three times and they supposedly coordinated with norton to no avail . now i 'm stuck with saturated backup hard drive that is useless to me 
music neg 471.txt i ususally like aguilera and i need a song to practice for dance so i bought this one for " no other man " figuring i would like the other songs as well . i was so wrong . i hate the rest of them . 
books neg 403.txt i have read several of hiaasen 's books and loved them . they were very funny . this one is not . it is an endless description of naked strippers . i found the main character , erin , to be very unappealing . she is just so stupid . her problems are all of her own creation . and she is not funny . i think you have to be a man to like this book . i , as a woman , just found it exceedingly boring . i kept waiting for it to get funny . it never did 
dvd neg 125.txt she sings and acts like a airhead , he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league...from the moment these two were married in 2002 , the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass . so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv , destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera , now today big surprise , simpson and lachly are getting divorsed . the silly fools asked for it and in the end , it led to heart break 
music neg 362.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
software neg 608.txt i have used turbo tax for about 20 years and have loved it . in the past it was user-friendly , efficient and complete - it even printed out all the forms i needed - ready to send to the irs . as usual , i purchased it this year . the format changed and is n't nearly as user friendly as in years past . you have to manually select the walk-through feature , section by section and it 's very easy to miss sections . when i got to the end , it would n't let me do a review for errors until i updated the version . but , i do n't have internet at home and could n't update . it crashed my computer 3 times before i skipped the review totally . ( god only knows what else i skipped in the process . ) when i went to print the forms - again it nagged me that the software was inferior and needed to be updated . again , i skipped it but the pages printed out with a nasty watermark saying the forms were n't updated and could n't be used . i ca n't use these . i ca n't send them to the irs . so , i have to find irs forms and manually insert the information myself . so , why did i spend money for the software ? ? why would they sell a product that you ca n't actually use ? yes , it 'll " prepare " my forms . but , what good is that if i ca n't print them out ? why would they sell a product that was already so obsolete that you ca n't use it without contacting the company for another version ? absolutely - run - do n't walk - run run run away from this product . do n't buy it because it simply does n't work . i wo n't use turbo tax again . they have lost a faithful and long time customer 
music pos 427.txt the slowed down almost spoken version of downpressor man nearly makes it worth the purchase price alone . sure i 've got most of the tracks on other tosh collections , but these recordings are excellent variants 
music pos 48.txt the series of " golden age of american rock & roll " released by ace could n't have a better end . during the past 15 years they have delighted us with a series of 10 cd 's with 30 songs each remembering the rock & roll era mostly with minor top hits between 1954 and 1963. one reason for their tremendous success is the superb quality of all the recordings no matter from what year the original song was . now besides these series of 10 cd 's from the r&r era they have launched another 2 special editions with the same title : one with the special novelty edition and another with the special country edition . both deserve more than 5 stars . the song selection on the novelty edition is just out of sight ! most of the songs brought back memories from a long long time ago since these were n't available after the time they were top hits . i never found them back on what compilation so ever until ace put them all together 45 years later . and with a sound quality better than in their original version on 45rpm . therefore do n't hesitate . buy it together with the country edition and you will have 60 songs for utmost pleasure ; 60 songs we grew up with and now with no scratches on them . 
health pos 611.txt i 've used the pigeon brand ( i believe it 's from japan ) milk storage bags - those are the best-quality bags i 've ever used . unfortunately , they 're also very difficult to find . these lansinoh bags are a good substitute at 1 / 3 of pigeon 's price . not bad at all ! my baby and i travel a lot so i bring along my stock of bmilk in these lansinoh bags . no mishaps thus far . highly recommended 
music pos 148.txt having read some of the reviews here i just thought i should mention that for those who enjoy punk rock music rather than the sameness of most emo music these days they should definitely check out this band ! while the singer ( conor oberst ) does have that emo voice so familiar to many other bands , he utilises it well and his conviction can be heard throughout ( unlike a band like taking back sunday ) the music is uplifting without being soppy or sentimental , the lyrics are refreshingly different from most punk-politics band and do n't come across as just the singer throwing a badly worded hissy fit . if you want to feel sorry for youself go listen to bright eyes , if you want to do something about it listen to desaparecidos 
dvd pos 337.txt i have been following the laughing man fansubs , so i 've covered all this material before . i 'm acquiring the dvds as they come out to have legit copies . the desc says 2 collectibles toys , it 's actually 3. there is batou on the plate like motoko from vol 3. in fact , the base plates fit together , which makes me belive that vol 5 will have another piece that will fit together to complete a composite set . the other two toys are the chinese assassin with the gun-arm and the old robot unit from the organ-farming business ( with the fake southern accent ) . these are easier to put together , i had problems with the tachikoma from the last set , it broke when i tried to put the legs on . have n't gotten around to the super-glue session yet . the product itself : stand alone complex - 2nd gig continues some of the best animation and smartest television ever produced . buy it , share it with those persons worthy / capable of appreciating it 
music pos 499.txt i absolutely loved the string music on track 3. i remembered it from an old pc rpg called quest for glory iv . i was disappointed to find out that track 4 was only a minute and a half long , because i grew up loving that song from the various places i heard it ( fantasia and a kid detective pc game from the late 80 's ) . overall , though , grieg 's greatest hits is a must-have for collectors of classical music . grieg is revered as norway 's greatest composer of all time and he certainly has a knack for creating imagery of bustling fjords and majestic mountainsides with interlaced river ravines . 
health neg 536.txt after user #1 i was really impressed . my teeth were noticeably whiter- -almost gleaming . after use number two i noticed a bit more whitening but not as dramatic . on use # 3 i felt some discomfort after putting the trays in . after about 1 / 2 hour it was really starting to hurt and i thought something must be wrong so i took them out . my gums were bleached white ! i was really freaked out by this but for the most part it did subside after about 1 / 2 an hour . however , there was some lingering damage done that , while not severe , is annoying ( there is still a slight bit of bleeding ) . i have perfectly healthy gums so i was surprised by this...the third tray did some fairly serious damage to otherwise healthy gums . my advice , if it hurts at all that is not normal and you should take them out 
health neg 687.txt this mister is not for continuous use . had it for only 2 days and the bubbler weakened and barely gave out a mist . but good as a lighting decor and ambience . 
dvd pos 50.txt the direction of this film is excellent . i love all the characters and the way they interact . the storyline is very important also . it 's about religious beliefs and neighbors that interact with each other . it 's a well-paced and interesting story that 's not like anything else i 've ever seen . 
music neg 254.txt understand , i love springsteen . born to run is my second favorite album of all time . i have seen him live over a dozen times . i personally think he is the single most important american rock and roll artist ever ( with apologies to elvis , chuck berry and dylan ) . i even loved nebraska , so do n't tell me it 's an e-street band thing or a rock versus folk thing , but this album is unlistenable . some reviewers have called it beautiful and powerful . that 's rubbish . there is a complete absence of melody on this record , as was the case with much of the ghost of tom joad album ( with a huge exception being " youngstown " - a great song ) . the apparently willful attempt to alter his singing style to sound like woody guthrie or jimmy rodgers is just frightening . dylan could pull it off , bruce just disappoints . but it 's the songs and lack of anything remotely resembling melody that makes this record a failure . believe , i listened to devil & dust 10-15 times in hopes of finding what i am apparently missing . i couldn't . i thought the rising was a nice album . i even liked the devils & dust solo tour ( bruce is a powerful performer , and maybe even more commading when it 's just him on stage ) , but i doubt this cd will ever find its way back into the player 
dvd neg 817.txt this was not the entire version of the hbo special . i was disappointed because some of my favorite parts were missing from this dvd . if i had known it was n't the entire show i would n't have bought it 
dvd neg 52.txt i have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the kids channels . i was hoping the dvd would show each of his songs as they are performed on tv . instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons . this would have been a better cd instead of a dv 
dvd pos 185.txt phantom quest corp. an action / comedy film about the drunken , karoake singing , party girl ayaka and her friends taking on paranormal enemies , from dracula to a possessed surgeon , mummies , and even magical monks . this movie is a comedic romp through the world of supernatural events . the only set backs on this flick can be that the theme songs can get a little annoying after hearing them too many times , the series is too short although it was still good . the video quality was also pretty nice , and subtitles were understandable and on que . the plot is sort of like scooby doo without the guys in masks , but more action and laughs . all in all this film is a great buy and worth the money spent . a great addition to any anime collection . 
dvd pos 59.txt my wife and i , huge fans of ` america 's next top model ' and ` project runway ' , were very excited about seeing this film . why it took us this long still baffles me , but as of friday night we had the pleasure of seeing ` the devil wears prada ' and let me just say that it was quite the pleasure . now , most if not all the praise has been heaped on the shoulders of meryl streep , and while she was outstanding , this film is more than just a meryl painted canvas . there are four brilliant performances in this film and they all are deserving of praise . first is anne hathaway who plays andrea sachs , a young aspiring journalist who takes a job working as miranda priestly assistant at ` runway magazine' . anne hathaway proves with her performance that she 's all grown up . no , that 's not to take away from her more adult roles in more adult films like ` havoc ' and the masterpiece ` brokeback mountain ' , but here anne proves that she can do adult comedy , not falling back into her teen goofiness that made her famous in ` the princess diaries ' but keeping everything smart and mature . she has enough poise and grace to match wits with miranda , and she does so elegantly . next up is emily blunt who plays emily , miranda 's first assistant ( there are two , andrea being the second ) . emily has worked her butt off to get to where she is , slaving for the unruly priestly and it 's all about to pay off with a trip alongside miranda to paris . the only thing standing in her way is andrea , for if andrea fails miserably then it reflects poorly on emily . emily blunt turns out i think the best performance of the bunch for she has enough sass , enough attitude and enough wit to make her pop out from the screen and stand out no matter who is sharing the screen with her . stanley tucci also does wonderfully here as nigel , miranda 's second in command . he is there to make sure everything is perfect , and also help andrea adjust . stanley always has done great backup work , playing second hand man to just about everyone , but here he really makes his performance his own and owns it . he delivers some of the funniest lines in the film but he never feels like the ` token gay guy' ...he 's needed in this film , not filler , and he commands his scenes and really stands out amidst the crowd . and then , of course , we have meryl streep who plays the ruthless tyrant known as miranda priestly . what i was most impressed about was the way meryl underplays every word , every emotion , every scene , which is not what i expected . i really expected her to go all glen close and reincarnate cruella but she did n't ( thankfully ) and instead turned out one of the most inspired performances of the year . she must have had fun playing the snooty self absorbed and above all selfish editor-in-chief of ` runway' . she lets us see inside her character briefly ( when crying over another failed marriage ) but her character is more about shutting off feeling in order to succeed and so we do n't get to see the real miranda because we 're not supposed to . carried by these four brilliant performances ` the devil wears prada ' is a fabulous film that will make you laugh and make you smile and will impress almost anyone . the script is brilliantly adapted from lauren weisberger 's novel , and while it 's not an exact replica ( are any adaptations these days ? ) it carries the same wit but smoothes things out to make it more approachable and , in my eyes , more enjoyable . bravo 
software pos 858.txt the software is better than the previous family tree deluxe version i bought . it allows you to better classify potential matches and decide whether to look at them later or tag them if not interested . the merging process of two databases is easier and allows you to pick what info to merge or whether to keep some info as secondary 
software neg 737.txt i have been a long time user and have always had good success until the 2007. i have tried to install on my new pc and have not been successful . i called intuit phone support and spent and hour changing setting on my computer . we did the usual things for winxp pro : 1. set up a new account to verify it is n't a permission problem 2. shut off all service and switched to safe mode none of these made a difference . so the support technician told me to call microsoft and then hung up . that was it , no chance to even complain , just a dead phone line . luckly , i know enough to put my pc back in worki9ng order but this is pretty lame support . i never though microsoft would get me to switch and they have n't but intuit has forced me off all on their own . 
software pos 41.txt works fine . like several other office packages lacks database program , access 
camera pos 326.txt the cover over the lense broke / small lcd screen / pictures are pritty good / battery life is pritty good / some images can come out a bit blurry if theres no flash and your hands arnt that steady / takes nice portaits / easy to use / has a veiw-finder 
dvd pos 255.txt jackie chan and chris tucker deliver once again in this follow-up to their great film " rush hour " . this film follows on the premise of the first , with a bit of a reversal....this time tucker is the fish out of water in chan 's hong kong . as with my review of rush hour , i 'll say up front that if youre looking for anything more than a fun-filled actioner , then this movie wont please you . it breaks no new ground and the plot is quite formulaic , but if you 're looking for deep drama and character development...what are you doing watching a chris tucker movie ? watch for a great cameo by don cheadle as a black man married to an asian woman who owns and runs a chinese soul food restaurant in a black section of los angeles . that alone is worth a laugh . there is another stand-out cameo by jeremy piven as a gay clothing store clerk who mistakes them for a couple . be sure to watch the end credits and catch all of piven 's ad-libbed outtakes that ended up on the cutting room floor . but then , as with all jackie chan films , half the fun is watching the flubs during the end credits 
books pos 850.txt goes over the problem in detail , but without excessive hand-wringing . a diversity of well selected examples , with helpful discussions and observations . if codependence and " rescuing " people are issues you struggle with , definitely get this book 
books neg 819.txt this book was given to me by my cousin who thought i might find faith after hearing the eulogy i gave at my father 's funeral a year ago , in which i professed that i do not know if there is a god or not , but that the best we can do is be good people . i am agnostic , in that i am fully aware that there is no factual evidence that god exists and that there is no evidence that god does not exist . to be clear - if there was , i am pretty sure it would be widely publicized . the gift was a loving gesture and i am sincerely appreciative of it . however , i have several issues with the book . more than i can possibly iterate at this point . this book does not even mention agnosticism . as the author was educated at yale , i am sure he must be aware of agnosticism and chose to omit it from his book . i can only presume that it was omitted with a reason , perhaps it was too hard to explain in the face of his assertion that there is evidence for god ( see below - all circumstantial and requiring leaps of faith ) . without getting into too many specifics , the evidence he uses in the case for faith comes from obviously christian sources - which are surely biased . this is equivalent to reporting on terrorist acts by only interviewing terrorists . certainly one 's reporting would be validating reasons for such atrocities . to be clear i am only drawing this distinction to make the point - a true investigative reporter would look to include both sides of the story and present facts as opposed to opinion . had strobel intended to provide a balanced view , he would have used non-christian scientists and believers of various faiths . strobel 's statements portend to be fact , but are generally lacking any actual evidence and in some cases are easily determined to be incorrect . a couple of examples are 1 ) his statement that buddhism says there is no god ( various sects of buddhism believe in gods , state there is no creator god or do not take a stand on the matter ) and 2 ) his statements on lack of evidence for evolution - specifically macroevolution ( which is fairly well supported by actual evidence and observation - and believed to be accurate by 99% of biologists ) . regarding evolution , there is actually evidence for macroevolution - although he claims there is none . this is where i have serious problems with the book . in my opinion , the book is more for current believers who need / desire to strengthen their faith , which i believe is a good thing . however , his information lacks factual support and evidence , which to me is a bad thing . i believe that most of the people who would read it would not get to the point of questioning the information in it . if one were to question it , one could easily find their faith destroyed if the information one held to be true ( and which subsequently was the basis for faith ) is found to be false . he states that there is evidence for intelligent design ; however the evidence he offers is only theory in the colloquial sense - i.e. a guess . the theory of evolution is a theory in the scientific sense - i.e. supported by on observation and evidence . another example is when strobel quotes " ...when it comes right down to it , the only person or thing i know of worth my faith - the only one supported by the evidence of history and archaeology and literature and experience - is jesus . " the buddha ( meaning one who is awake ) , or siddhartha gautama ( his real name ) , was an actual person , supported by all of the above listed proof of jesus . mohammad was also an actual person supported by all of the above . his 3 reasons for disbelief in reincarnation ( for regular people ) : 1 ) if james loses 3 pounds , he is still james , if he becomes a grasshopper he is not james - because he is not human 2 ) support for past lives - such as memories , are explainable by psychological explanations , lucky guesses , or demonic possession 3 ) the only expert on this question , jesus of nazareth , said it does n't happen . to respond : 1 ) to believe in resurrection , one must believe that there is a substance which makes us who we are that is not tied to our earthly form . it is not tied to being human , but to existing . 2 ) how do you discount the possibility that reincarnation exists by asserting that demon possession exists - there is factual evidence for neither . 3 ) to be in line with this reason , one must already accept the divinity of jesus and that the resurrection actually happened . his arguments for the truth of the resurrection ( below ) are weak and offer no support for the fact , only that people claimed it happened . we should not confuse the fact that jesus existed with the belief that he was the son of god and specifically that he was reincarnated . here are his proof that god exists : 1 ) god makes sense of the universe 's origin 2 ) god makes sense of the universe 's complexity 3 ) god makes sense of moral values ( his argument is - if there are absolute moral values then god must exists god makes sense of the resurrection ( see proof below ) . 4 ) god can be immediately experienced . to respond : 1 ) theories can be used to explain phenomenon that correlate to reality , but are not truly an explanation of reality . one still must take a leap of faith to believe his assertion . while it may explain questions about the universe - how do we know it to be accurate ? put another way , there are other explanations that could wrap up the universe - additionally , one presumes he is speaking of the christian god and discounting other belief systems . 2 ) see my first objection . same point . 3 ) science believes in hard observable facts being the basis for making assertions . the basis of scientific fact is that it is able to be recreated by anyone . to take the leap from the fact that there are widely accepted truths to being proof of god requires faith . he gives examples of ideas that most of the civilized world thinks are wrong , and uses them as the basis for absolute moral values . he omits that moral values have changed over time and are evolving . while i do believe that things are wrong , one can easily recognize that they are not always absolute...for example , it is not ok to kill , unless you are in danger - or the other person killed others ( presuming you believe in capital punishment ) . 4 ) his example here is that you cannot prove the world exists...fair enough , but one can prove there are universally experienced events that we can demonstrate over and over again . for example , we can do a physics experiment and everyone involved will see the same results ( barring psychological conditions ) . while we may not be able to prove that the world exists , we can confirm common experience , which is essentially what the world is...the ground on which we all interact - whether or not that is created in the mind ( the example he gives for how the world may not exist is that all of the world may only be in our mind ) . proof jesus was resurrected : 1 ) the location of jesus ' burial was widely known and agreed on . 2 ) the sunday after his crucifixion the tomb was empty , which is agreed upon by many ( or all ) . 3 ) various groups of people experienced appearances of jesus alive again . 4 ) the original disciples suddenly and sincerely believe that jesus was risen from the dead - even enough to die for this belief . to respond : 1 ) this is fact and jesus did exist . not sure how it relates to his divinity . 2 ) this could be explained in several ways , hard to use this as proof of his divinity . one can suppose it is , but it takes a leap of faith - this book is supposed to explain how to have faith - but continually requests we make leaps of faith . 3 ) writings of people who claims to experience jesus can hardly be taken as fact . other religious text would claim the same about their prophets , gods , etc. 4 ) the disciples had a vested interest in proclaiming the divinity of jesus . this is not actual evidence . this is equivalent to stating that the bible is true because it says it is true . additionally , strobel chooses which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical . in dealing with " objection 5 " strobel notes that the descriptions of hell in the bible are metaphorical . it is hard to discern how someone can pick and choose which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical . it is convenient to do so when your explanations support your understanding . i am not sure how you justify doing this . he states that only one religion can be right or god is schizophrenic . one supposes his assertion is that christianity is the one true religion or god is schizophrenic . this again is a leap of faith . one must also presume that the various religions are not human error in interpreting god 's message . my stand is this , we do not know , and to have faith is great , however by creating a context in which one can have faith by providing erroneous and undeniably false / biased information , a false faith is created . faith should be born out of one 's desire and belief system . one should not need to discount others because of their faith . to me , doing so indicates weakness in their faith - not strength . 
camera pos 436.txt i bought this item for a present , and the person really liked it ! ! . he uses it to watch deer , and other animals . the focus is very good , and i am very happy that i bought this product ! 
dvd neg 703.txt children of the corn ii~ terence knox is a movie that starts out well and then implodes into utter garbage . the special effects are much worst then the first movie and this is like 9 years later which in itself makes it even worst . the acting is so bad that one starts to liken it a parody and then one realizes that this is a serious production . the gore factor has been like pushed to a rediculous level and the storyline starts out well and then implodes into utter nonesense and the dialogue is so poorly written that one wonders if they went to holly upstairs acting school to write such junk . and to imagine that there are more sequells after this abomination is just beyond me . 
software neg 6.txt i just bought this cd because i am learning haitian creole , and that 's one of the languages that is supposed to be on this cd . when i installed it , i was unable to find anything on the cd in haitian creole , even though it is listed as one of the languages on the case . so it has been a complete waste of money for me , perhaps if i was interested in the other languages i could give it more stars . it also says in the blurb that u can use any of the 16 languages as the source language , but that is not possible either , u can only chooose a few of the languages as your source . i am very disappointed in the false advertising for this product . if anyone can find creole on this cd i would be happy to stand corrected . ps i contacted imsi and they say the cd 's were mislabelled , there is no haitian creole on the cd , despite the fact that it is listed on the cover 
software neg 529.txt this is the worst software i bought . first , it cost $100 and mcafee did not honor the $55 rebate because i sent the rebate form a little late . they had only 15 days to send out after purchase while compusa receipt has much longer deadline to send our rebate form . is n't that kind of trick ? second and most important , it slowed down everything , not a bit but by dozens of seconds or even more than 1 minute . third , the speed is not only the problem , its wireless connection sucks to the maximum and a couple of my machines ca n't get online and ca n't connect to the network . i have 3 pcs and 1 laptop . only two machine can get connected . it also conflicts with belkin network card driver which has been so popular for so many years . how the hell mcafee did not know that adaptor ? fourth , there is no manual whattsover and you have to all figure that out yourself . given it has so much problem it 's very frustrating to configure it . sometimes the security center is downloading forever . who the hell knows what it is doing . sucks . i had spent so much time to fine tune it and it still sucks that much . i changed back to internet security suite which is much better than this . do n't buy it even they give it to you free or you will break the disk . 
books neg 681.txt chris bohjalian is a gifted stylist , and it pains me to give this book such a low mark . it 's hard to say much without giving away the plot , but i found the plot contrived and manipulative - - too clever for its own good . the book started strong , but as the main character became more disassociated with reality , i became more disassociated with the book . i finished it , but it was a struggle 
software pos 166.txt this package is very complete and easy to use . took just a few minutes to be drawing house layouts , et . a lot of the tools are intuitive and simple 
music pos 11.txt just lay back and listen . brian wilson never misses a note . his voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop . his composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass ( the slow middle eight section on & quot ; would n't it be nice&quot ; ) on this album . these songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling both excited and uncertain . recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the beach boys themselves , this is a true pop magnum opus . the best tracks are the gorgeous & quot ; you still believe in me&quot ; , & quot ; do n't talk ( put your head on my shoulder&quot ; ) , the title cut , and the tear inducing & quot ; caroline no&quot ; . instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity , brian wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that have n't aged a day since 1966. the more you listen to & quot ; pet sounds&quot ; , the more it 's beauty envelopes you 
camera neg 487.txt so i get my camera and first off they basically lie because they act like you have a lot of memory on it to start off but you dont.then after a week it just stops working.dont get it , theres no flash whatsoeve 
music pos 933.txt about the band : dead can dance is considered the seminal example of the ethereal or heavenly voices genre . in fact , the name of the label , 4ad , which carried many of the 1990s dcd releases , is sometimes also used to describe this genre of music , which is a fusion of subtle electronics , vocals , drums , world music , and a near limitless count of instruments . brendan perry sometimes has been described as a gothic frank sinatra . lisa gerrard 's enchanting vocals are often sung in a language only known to lisa . i count myself among the many that hold these two musicians in the highest esteem . about the album : compared to more recent albums that are loaded with bonus tracks , the 50-minutes of into the labyrinth would seem short , if it were n't for the fact that i like to listen to this album over and over again . i count this album as one of my all time favorites , and certainly my most prized dead can dance cd . one of the nicest things about this album is that it features nearly equal amounts of both lisa 's and brendan 's ghostly vocals . on some tracks they accompany each other , while others feature only one of the artist 's chilling or mystical sounding vocals . simply put , this is beautiful music to relax to . i honestly give this album my highest recommendations ! two tracks i 'd recommend sampling : " towards the within " ( featuring lisa 's vox w / brendan backing ) and " tell me about the forest " ( featuring brendan 's vox ) . i believe they best represent the range of songs you can expect with this album . please note that while all the tracks feature vocals , the lyrics for only those sung in english are included in the liner notes . similar artists : chances are if you are n't yet familiar with dead can dance , that you 've not yet discovered some of these other bands , but i highly recommend them as well : das zeichen , impressions of winter , love is colder than death , qntal , corvus corax , or helium vola . there is a rather large ( and somewhat underappreciated ) range of artists still producing heavenly voices music that is similar in quality to dead can dance . please check some of them out as well . 
camera pos 734.txt the picture is fine at this price . i bought the panasonic vdr-d100 for my daughter because she usually does n't want to do anything with the computer like edit video . when we gave it to her the first thing she asked was , " can i edit the movies ? " i did a quick test to make sure the dvds would finalize and work on another dvd player with success on 3 computers and 3 dvd players . i did n't find anything the disc would n't play on . then i started up vegas movie studio platinum which i use to edit my minidv movies . i selected import from dvd and it went straight to the minidvd and loaded in the files where i was able to edit and add titles , music , sound effects and a voice over if i wanted to . since i already bought dvd-r / w discs she will be able to reuse them if she ever edits the movies because you can unfinalize the discs and reformat them . 
music pos 729.txt as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great 
camera neg 208.txt i 've had the a510 for about six months and have been pleasantly surprised by the ease of use and reasonable picture quality for a 3.2m camera . after six months the lens and cover have jammed and i noticed that many amazon reviewers have had the same issue . one evening i took several pictures and the next morning the camera would not operate . i 'm hoping the service center can provide me better service than some of the reviewers . 
health neg 176.txt i am an african american woman with long , chemically relaxed hair . as a full-time undergraduate student , i cannot afford to visit the salon on a weekly basis . i purchased this flat iron on a whim at the market because my previous flat iron had recently shorted out ( it was an older model with no swivel cord ) . i chose this flat iron because it was the same brand as my last one , and i was overwhelmingly satisfied with its performance . i cannot say the same for this product . in retrospect , it does exactly what it claims to do , but nothing beyond that . with my previous flat iron , i could straighten and style my layered hair at the same time , which significantly cut the amount of heat and damage my hair had to endure . any attempts to style my hair were underwhelming to say the least . after using the flat iron , my hair looked fizzy and unkempt , and even a bit damaged . any curls i managed to produce looked undefined and limp . it was by chance that i purchased a curling iron in addition to the flat iron , and was able to successfully style my hair after wrapping my hair overnight and applying frizz control serum . needless to say , you wo n't be able to produce that " fresh from the salon " look with this flat iron , which is sadly exactly what i needed . i do not feel confident about my hair when stepping out of the house after using this product . if you do n't use this tool for anything but sleek , straight looks and have a bottle of frizz serum handy , then this is a great product for you . while i am not happy with its results , it will have to do for now . i 'll be saving for a better iron while praying that straightening and curling my hair does n't leave it severely damaged . 
music neg 485.txt atleast they are trying this time around . still no where near as good as the band was with max . pros : faster and more back to their roots than the other releases without max at the helm . guitar playing is passable . cons : lack of solos . derrick is still lacking as a vocalist . just is n't as good as old sepultura , songs lack hooks and are mostly forgetable . bottom line : this album falls short of expectations . the current sepultura is nothing more than a very average metal band at best . if you like old sepultura i suggest you not waste your money on this , but then again you might like it . buyer beware 
health pos 227.txt easy to use . short time to recharge the baterie . long life batery and it is appropriate o sensitive skin 
dvd pos 306.txt i love the simpsons ! although the early seasons are classic , they seem to get better and more funny as they go on . this season includes the episode where milhouse 's parents get divorced which is hilarious , and the one where homer eats those hot chili peppers and freaks out ! definitely worth the purchase , there are a lot of extras too 
music pos 340.txt i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a 5 star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons . 
health pos 222.txt exactly what i wanted.. . works perfectly.. . the flosser at the bottom the head of the toothbrush is great at getting between the teeth . charges quickly and is convien 
music neg 490.txt i bought this album after hearing about them from a fellow beach boys fan . i 'm a huge pet sounds fan , but i love all kinds of orchestrated rock from " the left banke " to " beulah . " this album is not that good , people . it 's not even " okay . " there are way better takes on the " brian wilson " ( read : phil spector ) sound . whether it 's " the ladybug transistor " or " the apples in stereo . " heck , check out a great vancouver band called " ashley park " as well . the production on this is so rooted in the eighties / nineties that it 's almost unlistenable . they may be good road musicians but it does n't show on this album , especially since some of tracks use lamo drum loops " a la stone roses . " you would be better off going through the elephant 6 label 's recordings or even merge stuff . to be honest , i did n't even find the compositions that scintillating , regardless of the production . chord and change-wise , they 're interesting....but that does n't make the songs good . 
books pos 599.txt this is the best invertebrate zoology textbook on the market , perhaps the best ever written . the authors are not content to merely present in fine detail the classification , anatomy , physiology , behavior , and ecology of invertebrates , they present alternative interpretations and controversial opinions where these topics are concerned . in that way , invertebrate zoology comes alive as an active , important , and relevant field of study for understanding the ecology and evolutionary relationships of these organisms in a global setting . i highly recommend this book for a course of study or as a reference for earth science instructors who wish to solidify and deepend their knowledge and understanding of invertebrates 
dvd neg 363.txt the problem with this film is i read the book . i was disappointed simply because ` be cool ' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent . the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example . somewhere the bulk of the story was lost- -and there are some very- -very good characters appearing in the film that would 've been more intersing if somebody would 've said , " hey , do n't forget the book ! " but being true to the original source is not hollywood 's strong suit . " be cool " provides some popular music , some known faces , but without john travolta , the movie would never have been made . a few laughs are provided . a couple ironic scenes show up , but there 's too little to sustain a full-length feature . basically , the project is a disservice to everyone involved . some of the characters are so thin- -face it- -poor christina milian as linda moon , is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings- -a clich . the rock does the best he can but again , ` he 's a gay bodyguard ; ' he 's the brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji , his boss [vince vaughn] , who , in the book , is far more sinister- -but in the film he 's an idiot . of course chili is chili . travolta does a very nice job , and chili 's obviously the smartest guy in the room . uma thruman 's performance is , well , not funny- -not serious , not intense- -not much- - at best , she made me shrug . i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr , but there 's just not enough , and all the negatives reflect completely on the director . enough said there . my advice , watch ` get shorty'again , or read ` be cool . ' 
camera pos 43.txt the case opens partially on the side to allow removal of the camera only . then after unclicking the fasteners you can unzip the rest of the case to allow for access to lenses . it makes it easy if you only want to remove the camera . you can swing the bag around while wearing it and pull the camera out without taking off the pack . my digital rebel xt fits with the canon battery grip and my macro lens attached , however it would not fit with my 200mm lens attached . my canon speedlight flash did not fit well in the lense section but fits perfectly in the separate section at the top portion of the bag . the lenses all fit nicely allowing for several lenses depending on the size of them . i bought a regular lowepro camera bag , but found that it was awkward to place the camera in with lens attached . this bag is designed to have the camera with a lens . if you search google images for the lowepro slingshot 200 you will see what i mean about the side unzipping to allow the camera removal . 
software neg 151.txt i just purchased the hallmark card studio 2004 ( ... ) . everything installed fine but when attempting to print a card , the first side printed fine , but when printing the next side i keep getting the " this program has performed an illegal operation and will shut down " . i have been in contact with their technical support but have not had any luck so far . i have wasted a lot of paper and ink so far in getting just part of a card printed . i am running windows 98se . i will probably be returning this to the store ( if possible ) . it looked to have some nice cards on it , which is basically all i wanted it for , but for some reason will not print correctly on my computer . 
music neg 724.txt i 'm a " compleat " beatlemaniac , and i do n't mind the political statements at all , but this is a nearly unlistenable record that i have a hard time counting as a serious musical effort or even a real album . i would have loved it if it had been a 7 " single , " woman is the nigger of the world , " with the rest of it just words written in liner notes . after that opening track , the remainder is a serious chore to get through . it 's almost unimaginable that this came out between the excellent " imagine " ( 1971 ) and the solid " mind games " ( 1973 ) , but then again , john was not consistent , in part surely due to his apparent and admirable lack of commitment to being a pop star . love john for the genius he was , his commitment to peace , and the great music he made - - it 's just that there 's barely any of it on this particular record . 
camera neg 381.txt the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck 
health pos 373.txt this is a pretty good flavor . it is n't my all time favorite ( apricot ) but way up there 
health neg 358.txt i could not get the right code numbers to work with my new tv / dvd set.....too bad , i liked the large numbers and light . 
dvd neg 326.txt i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer , 24 episodes of absolute delight await you 
software pos 387.txt we bought it 1 month ago to help my almost 6 year 's old sun to learn how to play because i did n't know how to play and i could n't teach him . as a result of this purchase 1 ) my sun fall in love with chess and become so good player that i could n't imagine 2 ) i ( his mom ) learned how to play too . it is so much fun to learn it that i would recommend it to anybody . it worth it every penny i spent . i like everything about this game . kids will love it 100%. 
health pos 374.txt clif bars are amoung the best tasting energy bars i have ever tried . they may not pack as many calories or grams of protein as other brands , but there have been times where i could not even finish a competeing bar because of dismal taste or texture 
books pos 285.txt having spent time negotiating sports sponsorship contracts , i have a new found love for negotiating . in reading this book , the authors have laid out a clear and concise program in which to begin , work through and close negotiatings . a great book for beginners and a good brush up for intermediates and pros 
camera neg 110.txt description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger 
health neg 898.txt absolute waste of money . i bought this for my 13-year-old as a beginner shaver and it shaves next to nothing ! i do n't know who wrote the other reviews , but i doubt they were independent voices . this shaver is worthless 
software pos 978.txt poser user since version 3. poser continues to improve . more life-like , faster 
books neg 826.txt i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done . 
books neg 279.txt updike failed to hold my attention throughout the story both because of its utter lack of suspense in any dimension and the inconsistencies in his character development . as other have stated , you know from page one that the final page will involve an arab , a truck and a bomb . the lack of anticpation must therefore be compensated for by something else - perhaps excellent writing , interesting character development or original insights . updike fails to deliver on all three counts . one particularly slipshod literary technique updike uses is the phrasing he gives the title character ahmad . when ahmad speaks , it is in the voice of an intelligent , thoughtful foreigner . his phrasing captures very well the cadence , vocabulary and grammar of a well spoken non-native speaker of english . curiously , ahmad is an american , raised in new jersey by a thoroughly american mother . so , what influences created this stilted phrasing ? updike is trying to somehow comvince us that a jersey teenager speaks like a pakistani or egyptian immigrant . there is no need for the technique and its inconsistency with the character 's life is grating . updike also relies heavily on ethnic / religious stereotypes . sterotypes often have some basis in fact but generally make for uninteresting literature . however , in updike 's case , the stereotypes make little sense at all . for instance , a high school counselor 's entire personality is attributed to his " jewishness " both by himself and by others who opine on his personality . this is particularly curious given that the man was not raised as a jew and , in fact , his family had rather adamently turned away from the religion two generations earlier . so where does all the jewsih influence come from ? likewise , ahmad 's mother 's personality is often linked to her irish heritage . yet there is no evidence whatsoever that her irish background ( which could have been many generations ago ) has influenced her one bit . the reader is left once again to wonder what motivates the stereotype - other than simply poor writing and careless character development . another out of place literay technique involves the inclusion of fairly lengthy passages from the korna in arabic . obviously , few western readers will understand arabic and it seems meerely pretensious for updike to include the original language rather than paraphrasing or translating the passages . what comes across is an attempt by the autohr to show he has done his research . if that is truly the point then the reader must wonder why the passages are reproduced in western script rather than arabic script . after all , the koran is not written with western phonetics in mind . ultimately , the book leaves one wondering why such a lightweight , poorly constructed piece was released by such a skilled author 
software neg 238.txt this dictionary is not for the person who english is his second language . it does not have enough sentence examples to let you know how to use each entry word . in addtion , the micro does n't work well with ms word . 
health pos 618.txt i have had this straightener for a while , and i still have no complaints about it . it is an affordable option for those looking for a pretty good straightener . i love the heat settings.. . i only need to put mine on the second setting ( 338 degrees ) for it to do a good job , and i have very thick wavy / curly hair . i like the 1 " because it allows me to flip out the ends of my hair , but i 'm sure the 2 " one is great too 
music pos 514.txt another typical funk classic album from the brilliant tenor sax sounds of lou donaldson . the album released on blues notes features lou 's popular and individual classic jazz funk tones . lou even opts to ' chill ' out on a number called ' over the rainbow ' but on other numbers like ' donkey walk ' lou 's style and also his unique band really shine . the unmistakable hammond adds yet more funk and along with the jazzy guitar sound and funk and swinging drums this brings together another great album.keep on funkin mr lou donaldson ! ! ! ! 
health pos 918.txt this sunscreen has the important components to give you uva and uvb protection . it goes on smooth for a sunscreen that uses titanum dioxide for its protection agent . my kids love that the bottle turns color when uva rays touch it , indicating that sunscreen is necessary 
music neg 280.txt who the **ck are gnr ? ? plus they make awful music ! i ca n't stand this annyoing album . the music is awful , so as the lyrics . there is not one good song on this piece of s**t . it is a album that contains 12 crappy songs . axl rose is a very annoying lead singer just screams and sings horribly , and slash is terrible too . in the way stay away from this as well as gnrs other albums . leave gnr alone....gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks . i recommend buy these albums insted . foreigner 4 love over gold-dire straits on every street-dire straits combat rock-the clash how to dismantle an atomic bomb-u2 american idiot-green day animal magnetism-scorpions load-metallica reload-metallica and justice for all-metallica master of puppets-metallica ride the lightning-metallica self title black album-metallica past masters vol 2-beatles physical graffiti-led zeppelin some girls-the rolling stones greatest hits-neil young the last dj-tom petty -gnr are as bad as pink floyd , pearl jam , nirvana , and ac / dc . avoid all albums from those bands . 
health pos 502.txt i am having the same problem . i ordered this product from amazon on august 26. it is now october 26. i have not recieved it yet . i have never had this problem with amazon before . i may have to cancel my order too and go somewhere else . it is a shame , because amazon does have the best price i have found so far . i gave it 5 stars only because i had to give it a rating . i wanted to be fair to the company , but i have honestly never used one 
dvd pos 646.txt this is not a chick flick movie . this is not a movie for baseball fans . this movie is for everyone . it has romance , it has sports , it has a great soundtrack . it makes you laugh . it makes you cry . it makes you think . it is a feel good movie . 
software neg 2.txt my boss asked me to get this , so that he check out the latin portion of it . what a waste ! the only latin on this cd is *latin* american spanish . the interface was underwhelming . i needed to guess at what did what , because the controls are mostly icons . what 's worse , there is no menu bar at the top to help take the guess work out of using the program . apparently though , the manufacturer did throw in an extra *not* listed on the back . if you are learning the differences between us and uk english , its there ! i gave this one star , only because i could n't give it no stars 
music neg 800.txt this cd shocked me . at first i was listening and enjoying the beats on every track . but then listening to the actual content of each song , b*tch this and h*e that . come on , as a young female , how am i supposed to bump this in my car ? every single song on the cd is disrespectful . you know what really makes me mad , this is what 's supposed to be hot , popular . what kind of message is this sending to our young black men ? our young women ? i would not recommend this for any one , especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman . 
dvd neg 118.txt one of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie : low budget , unispired performances ( alexis denisof is particularly bad here ) , lack of decent screenplay for the actors to work upon , bad direction , despisable characters , cliched situations.. . how kinski chose to act in this one ? 
music neg 771.txt i am a huge atl fan . black mafia 4 life , know what i mean . i waited a long time for this release , and it was painful to listen to . it just seemed to lack direction . it might be said that this album ( an independent record label ) was so bad , that it ended their careers . too bad , i loved atl . 
dvd neg 268.txt my main motivation in seeing this movie was to better understand the reputation of echo park , a little area nestled next to downtown los angeles . i moved to echo park in late 2004. it 's depressing - the vicious cycle of drugs , dropping-out , and domestic violence . and it 's all here , told through the eyes of latina teenagers . it was easy to see the woman 's hand on the direction of the piece with the important roles that women played . i did n't care for the movie as a whole because it felt sluggish and uneven . i also found myself not caring about any of the characters . so-and-so gets shot , la la loo goes to jail . whatever ! as an aside , though , the evil neighborhood druglord was called ernesto . it turns out my next-door neighbor in real-life is also called ernesto . luckily , it 's just a coincidence 
camera neg 653.txt i bought the camera in may of 2006 , as a graduation gift for my son . he loved the style and compactness . he experienced focus / zoom problems after 1 use . unfortunately he did n't start to use the gift for 2 months or i might have been able to return to amazon for a refund . contacting fufifilm has been overly cumbersome . their website is not straightforware and their voice response system is not user friendly or responsive ( long waits ) . they have had the toy camera ( as this is being written ) for over a week and when i called yesterday for status , they told me that the camera " has n't been diagnosed yet " . i expect it will be , once their 90 day warranty expires , which will limit fujifilm 's liability to the 1 repair . i have a mean case of buyer 's remorse . i might as well have taken the ~$235.00 spent on this camera and tossed it in the street . if you own one and it does n't require repairs , you might like it . if it ever requires repairs , you might feel as i that you would have been better to purchase a disposable digital camera . save yourself the potential aggravation and look to a camera that has a longer warranty , a better support environment or by all means purchase the extended warranty . you may still face the frustrations but will have the consolation of knowing that it will cost you no more then shipping to have it repaired . i bought it in may of 2006....i feel like i lost it in july of 2006. if i could have given the z1 less then 1 star , i would have . that 's what it deserves ! ! & %$$##444en fujifil 
health neg 236.txt i was trying to make the shift from a razor blade to an electric shaver and found that this shaver did not provide the close shave i was looking for . it also was taking me much longer to shave because i had to continually go over the same area in order for it to finally get all the hairs . in the end , after using it for 5 weeks , i took advantage of the 60 day return policy and returned the shaver . i am back to my razor blade . i still hate shaving 
books neg 743.txt this " book " is probably the worst written i 've ever encountered . it was so flawed as to be considered literature . alice walker tries to " one-up " harriet beecher stowe , in writing about brutality . titles like these are weapons used in the anti-black male agenda this society has long perpetuated . all the men depicted in this book are one-dimensional characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities worth noting . the women are portrayed as martyred , forlorn , pseudo-saints who have been set upon by beasts from hell . the only persons capable of any sort of humanity are exclusively women . i 've learned long ago , when absolutes such as these are presented , a greater agenda is at work . there are no " real " men in this book ! only distorted caricatures of black masculinity . i only found value in this book as a comprehensive example of sexist misandry at its worst . i find this title as dangerous as hitler 's " mien kampf " , in it 's portrayal of black men as evil and morally destitute . presenting such depictions is both dangerous and irresponsible . true , there are criminally abusive men in every culture . but there are also forthright , upstanding men as well . to present a depiction of such vehement imbalance and disparity , only serves to distort the readers view of the people being written about . harriet beecher stowe 's fictional " uncle tom 's cabin " , sparked national outrage and eventually a bloody civil war . this title does no less in further distorting the readers perceptions of black men . this book is fiction . however , it is not presented as such . i 'm sure the abusive incidents depicted in this book have been based upon actual incidents . i have no qualm about outrage at such abominations . however , i do have a problem when there are absolutely no upstanding male figures who intervene in such aberrations . that is what i find so unbelievable and offensive about this book . in my opinion , this novel does nothing to laud the strength of women so much as it demeans and distorts the readers / viewers of the people within it . i do n't find it a testament to the strength of black women at all . i interpret this book as feminist misandry with two purposes...the further distortion of african-american culture and the deliberate depiction and denigration of the black male as being hopelessly inhuman . i 'm sure alice walker made a lot of money with this book . feminist , racist extremism seems to have found a niche in literature . i wonder if this novel would have had the same accolades , were it a fictional depiction of white american men brutalizing white women . most definitely not ! ! ! i doubt it would have even found a publisher . america is comfortable reinforcing negative depictions of black men and african-american culture . my life as a black man is difficult enough living as a testament and example against this sort of racial distortion . whatever ms. walker 's motivations were in writing this novel , i 'm sure mercenary incentives were not discounted . this is racist , misandrist propaganda masquerading as literature ! 
dvd neg 666.txt colorado 's san juan mountains from durango to silverton to ouray is my favorite place to vacation in the usa . so when i saw the preview of durango kids on another dvd , i decided to rent it on netflix . it is one of those movies where villains are cartoonish , and the kids , while cute , outsmart all the stupid adults . the first 30 minutes showed some nice locations in and around durango , including the steam train ( that 's why i purchased a used copy ) but then it goes into time travel to save ouray from becoming a ghost town and the movie becomes a stupid bore , intended for young and undemanding children . do n't bother unless you love durango as much as i do 
camera pos 18.txt i have been using my sony cybershot dscn1 8.1mp for about a month now . it 's so easy to use . and , i love how you can easily delete picture via the touch screen . the only issue i have with it , is that i ca n't use the memory pro stick with my sony photo printer ( a 5 year old model ) , because the stick is not compatible . ps : do n't forget to buy a memory stick pro if you purchase this camera . you 're gonna need it . 
music pos 8.txt as we all know by now , lil ' jon is not known for his lyrical capabilities , but for his platinum productions and ability to find guest artists perfect for his songs . he is truly the king of crunk . many of the songs on the album are much like the hit single , " get low " feat . the ying yang twins - strong pumping dacefloor beats , lots of swearing and yelling constantly yeeah ! , whuut ? , and okaay ! buying the edited version ( if there is one ) would be a total waste . this album is not for the meek or faint hearted ! much of the songs hardly have many words from lil jon himself , mostly from the featured artists . these include petey pablo , 8ball and mjg , chyna whyte , pastor troy , jadakiss , styles p . , ect . my faveorites 1 ) throw it up w / pastor troy - a ' hood representing song with a thumping beat 2 ) get low 3 ) rep yo city w / petey pablo , bun b - a very good song with talents all around 4 ) knockin ' heads off - again jon struts his stuff 5 ) i do n't give a.. . - perfect for before game pumping musi 
camera neg 769.txt so , you go out and plunk down nearly 600 bucks of your hard-earned cash for a panasonic pb-gs65 dv camcorder . it is a digital video camcorder , after all . that 's why you bought it . well , guess what ? it does n't come with a dv cable to plug it into anything . that is so pathetically stupid i take it as an outright slap from a company that must think i 'm just some sort pain in their shorts . it cost me completion of a project that i had to put together as soon as the camera arrived . so , panasonic , i 'll post a negative review of as many of your products i possibly can over the next few weeks and make you pay as much as possible for being about as stupid a company as i 've ever had to deal with . oh yeah , and you 're camcorder is being returned . go buy a cable and have a ball 
books neg 420.txt this book was very boring . details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . this book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . a poll was taken and about 73% of the students in the school liked this book . what does that show about the book ? 
dvd neg 764.txt i was so excited when i read the reviews for this intermediate level pilates tape . thought i would purchase it for variety from my ' the method ' pilates tape . i was very disappointed . the tape does not even allow you to get your heart racing much less to break a sweat . i did n't feel like i got a good tone workout . i actually wanted to fall asleep . i felt it was 40 minutes of stretch for an intermediate level student . i give two stars because i do believe he knows what is talking about in terms of form but i shall be passing this on to an elderly relative 
camera neg 278.txt ok , i was hasty in this purchase . at first glance it seemed a small price to pay for a camera case...about $14 , shipping included . then i got the camera case and found the dimensions somewhat lacking in the space requirement for the camera i ordered . you see , the dimensions listed under " more details " are for the outside of the case , not the inside ( but it does n't say interior nor exterior , just gives dimensions ) . turns out , not only do you have to click " more details , " ( fine print ) you also have to click " more technical details . " ( finer print ) wish i had now . just wasted $9 for shipping on a 6 oz camera case . electrogalaxy will not refund shipping charges , and they charge a %20 restocking fee . so , at most , after i pay return shipping , ( the case is only $4 ) i might get back $2. so , yeah i was hasty , but i was also robbed 
books neg 63.txt i am not a right winger whatsoever , am against our involvement in the mid east but did read this book . i ca n't say it better than alan dershowitz who commented about chomsky 's writing in general : many people buy his books and the page that is folded down is never greater than page 16 
dvd pos 944.txt driller killer has , without question , the best director 's commentary of any dvd i have ever seen . although driller killer is a far cry from his second film & quot ; ms . 45&quot ; it is a classic . reno ca n't seem to buy a thrill . despite the fact that he lives with two bombshells he ca n't get his painting finished to collect for the rent . his agent 's reaction to his finished painting is absolutely priceless . what 's worse is that his landlord has allowed a punk band to move in upstairs , adding insult to injury . the band , tony coca cola and the roosters , play & quot ; the grand street stomp&quot ; a guitar riff that has a great driving force . this film really documents the viallge punk circuit at the end of the 1970's . conventions are borrowed from polanski 's & quot ; repulsion&quot ; and cassaveetes ' & quot ; shadows&quot ; . the handheld mingling with the street people of the period shows how filthy nyc was at the time . lots of fun . driller killer was meant to be listened to loud 
dvd pos 647.txt this is a wonderful show and very true to the band 's recent live performances , albeit with a condensed songlist . i give it only 4 stars because i had the pleasure of seeing mr. winwood and band live and the sound stage gig seems just a tad below that experience- -which is admittedly an unfair comparison . nothing to knock about this tidy show by a true virtuoso ( actually a band of virtuosos ) . consider it 4.5. 
music pos 210.txt this is a wonderful effort by the del castillo brothers and their band . mark and rick are great guitarists and the band is one of the best that i have ever heard . i hate that anyone would compare them to the gypsy kings or strunz and farrah , because i believe they ( del castillo ) are far superior . even though i am a huge fan of santana , i think brothers of the castle and vida are more entertaining and satisfying than santana 's last cd . if you are a fan of this genre , you should possess both del castillo cd's .....brothers of the castle and vida . their live show is among the best that i have ever seen 
camera neg 924.txt this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else 
camera pos 942.txt we use our batteries a lot . no problems . works as advertised . 
software pos 417.txt this upgrade installed easily with my photoshop 5.5. no problems at all . this is an excellent program and leap years ahead of my photoshop 5.5. this is a much less expensive way to upgrade to cs2..rather than purchasing cs2 outright . be sure to get the updates after you install the program . 
camera neg 968.txt if you purchase this wide angle lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos . it does work well for video . the sanyo xacti hd1a camera itself is a disappointment 
books pos 153.txt this was one of the first books that i picked up after my divorce 17 plus years ago . i knew that i was giving these men all my love , but even with all the love i was giving them they were treating me like i did not matter . knowing there is a problem is the first step and what a huge step that is . after reading this book the light bulb went on with a bang and it has never gone off . i have struggled with relationhsip issues , but at least i know what is going on and with each relationship i got better and better until i got it right . i learned i had to read the signs that i chose to ignore for some many years . i have been in a healthy relationship now for 8 years with a man that shows me his love ( along with telling me ) and treats me the way i deserve . 
health neg 662.txt it didnt work as good as the teflon curling iron i had a couple years ago , it works just as good as a regular non-teflon curling iron 
music pos 127.txt unlike other classical-crossover artists minus emma shapplin , i believe sarah brightman works for art , not for money , or fame , or show off . like what she said in an interview , she sees music a a whole- -music is to be enjoyed ( and categorization should never get in the way ) . that 's apparent from this very endearing album la luna . i think this album is as a whole better than any song in it although my favourites are still the mystical figlio perduto , the dreamy serenade / how fair this place , the gloomy gloomy sunday , and the sweet la luna . i read what a reviewer said about how any other sopranos could sing better than sarah on la luna / song to the moon . i think that 's not true , at all . just because the singing is n't wagnerish , it does n't mean it 's easy or lacking in technique or whatever he said . i think it 's easier to just sing full out operatic like , say , renee fleming than singing with so much passion and being lilting without losing any of the voice 's qualities ( laid back with ' that ' voice at the beginning and successively powerful at the end ) . and , duh , she sings classical properly , ffs . and tell me a name of a soprano who could sing how fair this place with such grace , without sounding like a screeching steel can . i 've also listened to many other versions of gloomy sunday . billie 's is weird . sarah mclachlan 's is out of context . sinead o ' connors ' is shabby although the intelligence behind the singing is fine . only sarah brightman 's and bjork 's versions are best for my ears . i have introduced her music ( from phantom of the opera to dive to timeless to harem ) to many people , and apparently they enjoy them very much ! there is this radio that 's a favourite of us where gloomy sunday and time to say goodbye are played as much as bon jovi 's it 's my live and sophie ellis bextor 's take me home and offspring 's pretty fly . they 're good music and enjoyable . albeit i also like many other sopranos . i like lucia popp 's interpretation of richard strauss ' lieders , christa ludwig 's of schubert 's , natalie dessay , kiri te kanawa , etc. : 
health neg 986.txt since our bathroom cabinet is short on space , i loved the idea of this hair dryer ! unfortunately , the idea was more a fantasy than a reality . i only had this hair dryer for about a month before the cord-keeper button fell out ( spring and all ! ) and the retractible cord stopped retracting . since that was the only reason i bought this one over other models , i was sorely disappointed ! also , this dryer is so l-o-u-d that i had to wear earplugs ( no kidding ! ) while drying my hair so that i would n't damage my hearing ! hands down the worst hair dryer on the market 
books neg 888.txt i forced myself to finish this book , though it was touch and go in several places , just so i could feel able to review it fairly . it seems i liked it even less than reviewer ms. trieste " cf " , below , but i am in general agreement with her points . there are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating " famous names " do n't really stand out for me . let 's see , where to begin : the naive political ranting , the unspeakable dialogue , the corny love interest , the wholly implausible technology , the absurd coincidences , the distractingly disjointed structure , the proliferation of minor characters , the talky explanations of the detective 's thought processes , the total incompetence and corruption of the police - i ca n't go on ; it 's hackneyed and poorly written , and that 's all there is to it . 
music neg 49.txt neither the amazon review or any of the customer reviews recently submitted mention this fact . i have few classical and pop recordings in mono that do not impact the listening experience such as ' songs for swinging lovers ' - frank sinatra or beethoven 's opera fidelio - conductor otto klemperer ( testament label ) . the material on these recordings are so good that the listener completely ignores the fact that they are mono recordings . i did not hear anything outstanding on this cd to make me overlook the ' mono ' factor . is this some great jazz masterpiece , recorded live in carnegie hall by two giants of jazz ? i personally do n't think so . somehow this material remained in obscurity for all this time and somebody by accident discovered this gem - if you believe that then elvis is alive and the earth is exactly 6000 years old . with small jazz bands , i like to listen to the musicians communicate with each other within the context of a thesis . examples : ' sunday at the village vanguard - bill evans trio ' or ' new york reunion - mccoy tyner quartet' . i wanted to but could not hear anything of this sort in this recording . this material is more likely to be understood only by the performers themselves and the real jazz aficionados . it may have been hasty but after one listen i decided to sell this cd and i have no regrets other than buying it in the first place . 
camera pos 21.txt good remote . can be finnicky at times if not lined up correctly with the camera 
software pos 347.txt office 2007 is a nice step up from office 2003 ( and earlier ) as it has better visuals on the toolbar . e.g. instead of just seeing the worded commands on the toolbar where one clicks on the command and then gets a drop down list to choose from with more commands , i.e. file , tools , edit , etc , you 'll see tabs with different commands on the toolbar . when clicking on the tabs , it sets up across the toolbar , all of the functions of that particular tab . once viewed , you not only see the words of the functions , but also , small example graphs and images of what that functions does . this only applies to all the applications other than outlook , which pretty much retained the same look and feel as 2003 the load times seem to be much quicker than what i had in the 2003 version . in outlook , setting up accounts , maintaining names and addresses is much easier too . the only annoying part of office 2007 that comes to mind is , one can only choose from 3 color schemes . the three are " black " which really looks more like a dark taupe or slate color , " blue " which looks more like a light powder blue and " silver " , which looks like a light gray . in my honest opinion , i like having the standard color look like previous versions and as my taste goes with this , i only like the black setup only 
books neg 698.txt no , not really . since this novella first appeared in harper 's some years back and then was the prologue in underworld , this makes the third time it 's appeared in print . and while it is brilliant , why buy this when you can buy underworld for about the same price 
music neg 696.txt i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. . 
dvd pos 715.txt i loved this show and have been waiting for it to come out on something so i could watch the episodes again...i ca n't wait for season two to come out . if you were a fan of this show , you have to get it. . 
health pos 680.txt i have tried many brands of soy shakes , and this one is delicious. . i sure recomend it to anyone that wants to start the healthy habit of drinking soy . cookies & cream flavor tastes like a real shake ! ! i really enjoy this drinks 
health neg 352.txt ...and it was n't worth having to send it back . seriously . i thought maybe it was the batteries , so i switched them . no luck . it ran very , very slow , and then it just quit . as another reviewer smelled burnt plastic when the unit was in use , it 's my guess that something melted / warped in the mechanism . i will give the manufacturer a bit of credit since this item did perform nicely the one time i was able to use it , so i 'll call it a 10 dollar pedicure and call it a wash . i have a makeup mirror from the same manufacturer and am really happy with it , so i know all their merchandise is n't shoddy . maybe i got a dud , considering many others ' positive reviews . i sure hope so 
software pos 584.txt it 's exactly what i wanted to buy : complete collection of ultimate x-men . i do n't mind scrolling up and down on my laptop in order to see the whole picture . the ads were kind of annoying though . i just hope marvel puts all the other x-men series on cds like this 
health pos 881.txt i found this blood pressure meter easy to use and quite accurate when checked against my doctors readings . keeping the readings in memory made it very easy to keep my doctor inform of the results . the size of the cuff is very important , so be sure to order the right size for your arm as the wrong size will give inaccurate results . this is true in the doctors office also . my blood pressure dropped several points in the doctors office , on his machine , just by changing the size of the cuff . this is an excellent monitor - i could n't be happier with it . it is nice to be able to use it with batteries too . 
music pos 137.txt although the real roots lie with the black artists who inspired these guys , the pbbb is where the hippy generation , ( this is a couple years pre-san francisco , and before the stones and beatles began stretching their arrangements out on record ) , learned to just play . their next record was more representative of what they were actually doing live at time time , and is the single greatest influence on what became the san francisco sound of the late 60 's and early 70 's , ( really long and experimental jamming ) , so this is in fact the & quot ; roots of the roots of the roots&quot ; of todays jam bands and guitar-heavy blues bands , mixed-race bands , and , for all practical purposes , the white-blues-man in todays ' world 
camera neg 288.txt it was not all there the part to put the camera on did not come and i need that to put the camera on so please it for a c875 camera please think you w.b 
software pos 388.txt we purchased this for my 6 year old son and 7 year old daughter since both children have been asking me to help teach them how to play chess the last several months . while i have been able to get them started , i find that approach used in this software to introduce the game pieces and concepts has allowed their understanding of the game to grow . both kids enjoy using this software and , if i would let them , would spend hours at a time using the software . my biggest issue with the software is the sound and animation . we continually have issues with the sound / animation not being in sync or the audio cutting in and out . we run this on a computer with plenty of processing power , memory , disk space , etc. it does not bother this kids too much , but i find it annoying . all in all , a great tool to help my children learn the game . 
software neg 783.txt you can get mac os x for 129 bucks and it has everything as opposed to the microsoft 's 227 dollar home premium which is the low end . buy mac and get all the functionality in one os . when spec'ed out the system are comparable in price , except apple does n't offer low-end hardware options which is why they seem more expensive 
dvd neg 476.txt i was trying to watch it , but can not open de dvd because it is the wrong country code ? ? ? ? 
software neg 383.txt installed this on my laptop and desktop computers . one installation was late in 2005 , the other was in 2nd quarter of 2006. both have tried to fail . the laptop will no longer do automatic updates . i can manually download and install the updates , but it is a bit of a hassle . the desktop will no longer download the symantec updates at all . i attempted several uninstalls and reinstalls , wo n't do it . the only remedy is to take both computers to a computer shop and needlessly pay someone to fix the mess this junk software has made on both computers . because of the problems , i 've run into several problems , mostly related to .cab files when i attempt downloads . i 've switched to avg and zone alarm - both free and they work 
dvd neg 803.txt alright....own up . which idiots are responsible for the release of this " musicals " collection ? since when have " pinky " and " island in the sun " been musicals ? ? ? ? ? these two movies are hard hitting dramas with a similar inter-racial relationships theme . would someone please tell them that , just because harry belafonte sings the title song over the credits , this does not make " island in the sun " a musical . i suppose in their book , because shirley bassey sings the title song over the credits , this makes " goldfinger " a musical too ? ? it makes me so mad that we have idiots in charge of releasing these great old movies who have no idea what they are doing . it seems to be a case of " ..oh , just grab six movies off that shelf and lump them together . " . if they do n't know which are the best titles to release in a certain set , why do n't they ask someone who does know ? 
health neg 505.txt i bought this shaver about one year ago . for years i was using braun shavers and was happy with them but decided to try competition . in spite of few people on internet who mentioned short lifespan i gave panasonic a try . shaving is fine , it runs quiet and you get 5-7 shaves with one charge . after about one year it started making strange noise and you get only 3-4 shaves with one recharge . month later slowly went dead . exactly as some other people wrote on bulletin boards , what make me to believe to those people writing reviews . you would expect more shave for $100. today i went to buy braun shaver . 
books neg 868.txt i am reading this for a college course called " history of the american city " . this book is a typical ' college texbook ' in that it is filled with numbers , dates , percentages , figures , numbers , oh did i say numbers , dates , figures , and years , oh and plenty of numbers.. . the brilliant , dilligent , honored , and esteemed scolar of a woman that wrote it sure knows her numbers , facts , years , etc.. . i , on the other hand , am absolutley hating it and foolishly i have allowed the drop date to pass , so i have to read the book or fail the class . i am getting nothing from the book regarding any kind of understanding of any of these cities , unless i am willing to spend years interpreting the multitude of data the book heaps upon me . needless to say , from ( attempting ) reading it i am getting a headache and do n't really even have the time to write this review . i say that if even one person is deterred from reading this expose ' of numbers , names , dates , figures , facts , percentages , orders , years , dates and more numbers , dates , facts , figures ( are you getting my drift yet ? ) , it will be time well served though.- - - avoid- - - this- - - book . please - - find another book . maybe if people told the truth about this brand of writing , more professors might have to teach and people like ms. abu-lughod would n't continue to make money off of writing books such as this , and folks like her might have to write to communicate ! ! ! ! , like the rest of us.thank you for taking the time to read this . ok , i have to say it : this sucks . 
music neg 15.txt completely worthless ! if you liked the film , go buy the dvd because this album has no redeeming qualities . the sound quality is fair at best , even for a live album . almost every track is jammed with totally worthless ` commentary ' at the beginning or end of the song . the ` commentary ' consists of recordings of about a dozen people having random conversations over the phone and laughing for no reason . it would have been nice if they had put these ` commentaries ' on different tracks because the way they have it on this cd you have to wait through about a minute and a half of this crap to get to the song you want to hear . the worst part about the album is the lack of the fugees , which means no ` killing me softly' . sadly , you can tell that most of the artists on this album have n't played a show or practiced in a long time as they are a bit rusty and sound horrible , even for a live recording . some of them sounded almost as bad as fallout boy on snl 
dvd pos 12.txt " ils se marirent et eurent beaucoup d'enfants " ( " happily ever after " ) is a cleverly written examination of contemporary views on love , lust , marriage , infidelity , and the single life . writer / director / actor yvan attal has come up with a winner , an entertaining , funny , and ultimately thoughtful treatise on how we cope with partnering . three men work together in a car dealership . vincent ( yvan attal ) is the apparently happily married man with a beautiful wife gabrielle ( charlotte gainsbourg ) and child . georges ( alain chabat ) on the other hand is in a tumultuous marriage with nathalie ( emmanuelle seigner ) who has gender issues that go far beyond feminism and negatively influence their child . fred ( alain cohen ) is single , bedding every lovely woman he encounters , balancing trysts between mornings , afternoons , and evenings and is deeply envied for his don juanism . but fred actually longs for the sense of belonging that married men enjoy . the men 's lives intertwine on many levels . most important , we discover that vincent has a lover ( angie david ) despite his idyllic married life and while it is georges whom one would expect to seek solace from a lover , he remains faithful to his nagging wife ! gabrielle senses vincent 's affair and encounters a sexy man in a music shop ( johnny depp ) who begins to preoccupy her thoughts . she is a real estate broker and comes close to an assignation with a client but remains faithful . all the while she daydreams about her brief encounter with depp and satisfies her wandering eye with those memories . fred discovers that one of his paramours is pregnant and happily decides to leap into the married fray . the only ' adults ' sharing advice here are vincent 's long married parents ( anouk aime and claude berri in very welcome comeback cameos ! ) and it is this ' standard ' that adds the final humor to the film . the manner in which all three men deal with their living situations asks as many questions as it gives answers . attal finds joy in all forms of coupling and is careful to offer all sides of decisions his characters make in arriving at what provides them happiness . this is a smart movie with terrific twists . there is just enough slapstick ( an all out food fight between vincent and gabrielle - real life husband and wife team attal and gainsbourg - that proves to be one of the fun-loving bits of silliness that binds their marriage ) to keep the mood light . not a profound film , but a joyous french comedy handled by total pros ! in french and english with subtitles . recommended . grady harp , october 0 
music neg 488.txt i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu 
books pos 951.txt i found this book to be very helpful . it does n't just give you the steps to do little tasks like some of the other books i looked at ; it explains the features and why you would use them , and shows you how to do things from start to finish . it also has a lot of helpful hints that are n't related to the exercises- -last night my husband installed vista business edition and could n't find a feature he wanted , and i was able to find the solution immediately in this book 
camera neg 477.txt i lost my hp r607 while on vacation and needed to replace it quickly . i could n't fine another r607 ( which i really liked ) , so i purchased the hp m407. i thought it would be the next best thing to my misplaced camera...not ! ! i do n't like anything about this camera...it 's terrible ! you can take about 4 pictures with regular batteries , about 10 with rechargeable ones ( even with screen off ) . it says " auto focus " , but i do n't think it has any focus at all....not far away , not close up , nothing ! it takes a really looooooooong time to actually take the picture after you press the button . i really hate it ! keep looking...do n't buy this camera 
health pos 666.txt i picked this up at the store a couple of months ago , and it works well . i does have a nice light scent initially , and it sooths the face . it does not have any spf though , so in summer i used a different balm . but it has been good this winter . check it out 
camera pos 497.txt to my knowlege , there simply is n't a better equipped camera for the professional investigator . it 's ir-sensitive mode ( nightshot ) is in b&w ( rather than cheeseygreen ) , far superior quality-wise to anything sony 's got , and it 's the only 3ccd that i know of with a low-light mode . the image stabilization is exceptional and the image quality is production grade . time / date stamps can be " burned in " so they xfer via firewire - again , the only camera i 'm aware of with this feature . the audio can be turned off which we know is a must . and best yet , you can disable the sleepmode so it wo n't turn off eliminating missed money shots waiting for the camera to cycle back on . it 's built like a tank and feels substantial in the hand , but it 's still lightweight thanks to an alloy frame . finally , it 's totally silent even with the tape transport in full swing . the only downside so far as i can tell is it 's size - it 's a big camera compared to the handicams i 've had , and would n't be well suited for close-proximity work . however , the black casing dos n't print / siloutte terribly , and the 16x optical lets you set back quite a bit . highly recommended ! 
health pos 722.txt lightweight , easy to transport , easy to put together . just remember , the person in the chair cannot maneuver on their own . someone must be able to push . but what a great product 
camera neg 573.txt i bought this camera just under 12 months ago and recently the battery cover door would not stay closed . i sent it into nikon along with my proof of purchase and about a week later got a letter saying it would not be covered under warranty . the repair charge with shipping and tax would be $115.22. i am the only person that uses this camera and it was never dropped or abused . battery was only taken in and out maybe 4 or 6 times over the time i had it . for this reason i would never buy another nikon product again . next digital camera will charge without removing battery . camera takes great pictures , but ca n't do business with a firm that is very difficult to get ahold of and does not honor their warranty . bye bye nikon 
music neg 370.txt reviewgium - volume i , issue xvii over sixty and still going strong , neil young has released a new album , largely politcal and essentially a focused attack on u.s. president george w . bush . as opposed to his last album which was a more bittersweet , country-tinged effort , living with war is a pretty much straightforward rock album , mostly electric with a background choir featured on many tracks , as well as an unusually predominant trumpet player on several tracks . musically , it 's nothing spectacular , in fact every song more or less follows the same tired formula , and there are really no diversions from the grunge-like rhythm guitar chords . but the album is obviously intended to have a major focus on the vocals and lyrics . of course , many people do not like neil young 's vocals , but there are many well-developed choral passages throughout the album , including a soulful , a capella arrangement of " america the beautiful , " which closes the album . so basically , i feel the vocal performances compensate- -though not totally- -for the lack of musical diversity . lyrically , the album is pretty blatant ; it could almost be a 60 's protest album . but underlying that , is a ray of hope and an urge to change our country for the better . there are a few decent tracks on the album , even if they are not exactly mind-blowing ( not that neil young was ever a showboater ) . " after the garden " is actually quite a good song as is " shock and awe . " " flags of freedom " is a bit of an upper , so i can probably call that the album highlight , though i 'm sure the more politically-minded citizen will enjoy " let 's impeach the president , " an almost humorous overview of bush 's faltering standpoints . the final three songs divert from the general theme of dismay and protest , and offer feelings of hope and introspection . if you are not a fan of neil young , you 'll find nothing here that will convert you , so you may just want to leave this on the shelf . if you are " anti-bush " you might get a buzz off of the lyrical aspect , but that 's probably the only thrill you will get . i tend to avoid anything political , so music aside , this album 's message does not really appeal to me . it 's like , yeah , people hate the president , blah blah blah , we know...give it a rest . for fans of neil , i would n't exactly say " you 're not missing anything " by avoiding this album ; there is some good stuff on there , but you might want to wait until you see it cheap in the " used " bin at your local cd shop . and for those interested , this is not a crazy horse album . 
dvd neg 450.txt someone named " ndb " ( and i 'm willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by " ndboston " in certain other online venues...ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy 's kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they 've lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination . none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gonna prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled " legend of the curse of the bambino , " due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . ) 
health neg 182.txt it made my skin very dry and break out because of it . my floormate had the same reaction . we were both very disappointed . i recommend going for vitaclear which i tried before this product and is less expensive than proactiv although it is a little more expensive than this . 
music pos 806.txt this is a cd that one can listen to countless times . the virtuoso playing and beautiful tone produced by michael aptly display the characteristics of the euphonium . the selections are for college and graduate level players , as well as the occasionally & quot ; gifted&quot ; highschooler . a must hear , and a must buy 
music neg 795.txt i loved " come away with me " the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album " feels like home " which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better 
books pos 233.txt i loved this book . i really am into those old school ways for children and this is the book . i think we need to discipline this generation the way our parents did us . if your are a fan of dr. dobson you will like bates too . i feel everyone could benefit from this book especially our children 
dvd pos 74.txt i have always like stephen lynch . his video " live at the elray " was absolutely awesome . i even gave one to my cousin this christmas . defintely worth the price 
health neg 235.txt razor works great but it 's easier to open it and run water over it to clean because the cradle does n't get all the hair out 
dvd neg 71.txt i liked this workout the first time i bought it as her fatburning workout . the second time i bought it re-packaged i thought it was a fluke . this time i bought this since it sounded more like weight training and less like circuit training , so it must be different . nope . i have 5 kathy smith videos , all three with different titles and covers only three different contents . i feel this is highly unethical and contacted her company . one month later and i have yet to receive a response . 
dvd neg 663.txt this is not the restored print of dracula 1931 that universal previously released on dvd a few years earlier.if you have that dvd keep it as the quality on this box set is awful.i can only think that whoever was in charge of compiling this did n't bother to look or did n't know that universal had a fully restored copy of this film 
dvd pos 135.txt what an interesting collection of meditations on the stupefying musicality of glen gould . this pianist is from another planet . classical music has never been so exciting to a rock n ' roll fan 
dvd pos 207.txt since " er " debuted on nbc in 1994 , it 's taken the nation by storm . it 's wonderfully produced by author michael chricton , a former surgeon before his writing career . for numerous years , it was the #1 drama series on television . the show starts with the cast of anthony edwards ( mark greene ) , george clooney ( doug ross ) , sherry stringfield ( susan lewis ) , noah wyle ( john carter ) , julianna margulies ( carol hathaway ) , and eriq la salle ( peter benton ) . it has since won and been nominated for several awards including emmys . its hospital action combined with personal drama always draws audiences deeply into every scene for every episode . its emergency scenes grown in intensity and drama through the episodes . season one introduces the everyday life in the er in chicago . throughout , it explores many critical issues including hathaway 's self-destruction that results in a suicide attempt , carter struggling as a medical student , ross living his sex obsessed life , and others . regular show viewers who have n't seen season one will see part of lewis 's reason for leaving chicago in 1996 , greene in his first marriage and before ella 's birth ( mother is corday , who began in 1997 ) , deb chin 's ( played by ming na ) brief time in that er as a medical student before returning as an official doctor in 2000 , and many others . such combination shows partially how the show 's theme evolved to today . episode by episode , the plot 's quality stays on top . the overall scenery , through the physical environment to the emotional drama , never fails to compile the unforgettable viewing experience . season two features the debuts of gloria reuben ( jeanie boulet ) and laura innes ( kerry weaver , not an official cast member until season 3 ) . this season explores ross 's most heroic act as a doctor , carter becoming a doctor , lewis being forced to care for her neice , and many more . today 's viewers who have n't seen season two will witness boulet before testing positive for hiv , weaver before realizing her lesbianism , hathaway before her today 's happy life ( though now in seattle ) , and others . this plot evolves very well in quality from the previous season . it continues its run of staying on top in critical care and drama . both seasons feature wonderful acting from the entire cast . all add their own sense of individual theme into every scene . through personal struggles , drama , and continually saving lives , everyone gives the show its unique viewing flavor . such show quality makes " er - the complete first two seasons " worthy for all fans . this is sure to please its audiences . new viewers should watch these two seasons first . otherwise , the plot will be confusing . fans should watch for season 3 to be released on video in the near future 
dvd pos 506.txt this is one of the best ( if not the best ) pure screwball comedies of the 1930's . next to the original thin man movie , libeled lady is my favorite powell / loy effort . this time , the magic chemistry of that oft-paired duo is enhanced by the box office-drawing talents of fellow mega-stars spencer tracy and jean harlow . the first shot of the movie celebrates this happy collaboration as the four top-drawer actors merrily , confidently stride arm-in-arm toward the camera . the plot is convoluted . the star has erroneously printed a story about heiress connie allenbury ( myrna loy ) , portraying her as a marriage wrecker . connie immediately files a 5 million dollar libel suit . star newspaper editor warren haggerty ( spencer tracy ) counteracts by hiring on suave fellow newspaperman bill chandler ( william powell ) to romance connie and place her in a compromising position , thus negating the lawsuit . haggerty convinces his harried , long-suffering fiancee gladys benton ( jean harlow ) to instead marry the bachelor chandler as part of the scheme . things get really tricky when gladys falls for chandler and chandler falls for connie , who eventually falls for chandler . and haggerty ? he pretty much spends the movie just seething . yet everything ends fairly well , even if there 's still lingering confusion as to who is exactly married to whom . libeled lady boasts mix-ups and complications galore and couples matching , cross-matching and mismatching . sophisticated wit blends with full blown physical comedy . delicious acting is laid in by four stars who , throughout their film careers , never ever lost their prime . powell proves again his mastery of the confused double-take and , along with the wry , understated myrna loy , dominates the refined repartees . and representing the more lowbrow couple , tracy supplies the blue collar bluster and harlow the affronted looks . walter connolly as connie 's angling-loving father is simply wonderful . the intricate storyline is easy to follow , thanks to the clear helmsmanship of jack conway . with this cinematic venture , hollywood certainly offered up to the viewing audience its most glamorous and most urbane of stars . i think it 's brilliant stuff 
dvd neg 964.txt im sure ill here alot from this review but everyone giving this movie 5 stars i dont see how or why.have you people just been introduced to the movie world ? this movie is awful between the bad acting and the annoying music playing during talking scenes its flat out frustrating.rusty james brother in this movie acts like a mental case for you peole that havent seen this he dies in the end ( i just saved you an hour and a half of your life cause now you wont have to waste it on this crappy movie ) .between the bad music the bad acting and the plot / storyline going all over the place in this movie its seriously like being on a bad acid trip.what a waste of money and time on this one.ill donate mine to goodwill or the garbage can..not worthy of my movie collection 
camera pos 618.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
camera pos 527.txt the binoculars were suprisingly lightweight for their size and power . the 70mm lens were great at light gathering , and the 4.75 mm exit pupil provide more light than most adults can use . ( the avg . is 3-4 mm ) with a good strap is easy to wear for long periods and excellent for long distance terrestrial viewing or general astromical use . you really need a tripod to use the full power effectively , but for short periods those with steady hands can enjoy the binocs on the fly 
books neg 435.txt this was a hot mess , it was so boring i could n't even finish the book , i passed it on to my cusion , and she said the same thing , i just gave the book away . my hopes were all high from flyy gryl , but thats the only good book that omar written . i was so upset by this that i actually wanted to write omar tyree myself and ask him what the hell was going on . i mean when you write a bad book chances are that no one is going to want to read the next book . i hate reading a bad book because i feel it is just a waist of my time , and i could 've done somthing better . omar , you owe my 4 hours of a good book 
dvd neg 704.txt this production is misleadingly named . far from being a biography of grand duchess anastasia , it is really the story of how the deaths of her family at the hands of russian revolutionaries in 1918 spawned one of the 20th century 's enduring mysteries - - a mystery which was given a unique lease on life when , among the myriad male and female claimants to be survivors of the imperial family , one woman began to pick up supporters in the 1920 's among at least some people who had had contact with the original family . i do not fault this production for failing to be a real biography . after all , how much of a biography can one write on a 17-year-old girl whose life was largely one of sheltered privilege ? however , i do fault this production for being a badly-flawed recounting of history . and i am not talking about the interminable debate that still rages in the arcane world of romanov history buffs about whether anna anderson was really anastasia . this work 's take on the life of anastasia paints a very tilted picture both of the world of the romanovs , their support among their subjects , and their reputation among today 's russians . first , life in the inner sanctum of nicholas 's family was not the halcyon existence this production claims . certainly the family had great wealth and huge staff at its disposal . but neither nicholas nor alexandra were well-suited to their roles , and they lived under the strain of it . they were increasingly isolated from the extended romanov clan , who shared the dawning awareness of the russian people that the monarchy was in serious trouble . while these forces might not have touched anastasia directly , she was certainly touched by her brother 's hemophilia and her mother 's response of sinking into frail health , chronic emotional distress , and a religious mysticism that almost bordered on hysteria at times . secondly , this film 's portrayal of the counter-revolutionary white army as determined to save their beloved tsar from captivity is just plain wrong . while the whites wanted to unseat the bolshevik revolution , there was virtually no support for a romanov restoration among the leadership of the white army . nor are there any known attempts by the counter-revolutionary forces to rescue their former imperial family . in fact , one senior white military leader once remarked , " having seen the monarchy at close quarters , i have no desire to see its return . " and thirdly , while there is a gradual rehabilitation of the last romanov 's reputation underway in russia today , the notion that the murdered romanovs are saints is not nearly the widespread sentiment that this production claims . in fact , the great masses of modern russians are far more interested in making their new democracy work than in figuring out how to get the sainted romanovs back on a throne . i do not know whether these flaws arise from some agenda to rehabilitate the romanovs , whether they arise from sloppy research that relied too much on the fawning pseudo-history that plagues serious study of the russian monarchy 's fading years , or whether this production did not have access to newly-opened archives . but - - whatever the reason ( s ) - - it does a disservice to the study of history by claiming to be history when it is , in fact , closer to a grocery-store romance novel 
music neg 633.txt as a 21 year old , i felt a little out of place buying this soundtrack . but , i was so excited that i had finally found a soundtrack to these two wonderful movies . imagine my disappointment when i could aurally pick out that rosemary clooney 's parts were not sung by rosemary clooney ! i do not recommend buying this album . enjoy the music when you watch the movies , instead . trust me , it 's better that way 
dvd pos 172.txt this box set is worth every penny ! this is an absolute must have if you meet the following eligibility requirements : 1. you have a decent tv ( at least 32 " ) and are able to watch in the dark 2. you have surround / stereo sound 3. you love 3d ! ! ! ! ! ! i bought this set a few years ago but unfortunately i made a big mistake . i bought the " horror " collection - which works - except that the movies are horrible and hard to watch . then a friend of mine turned me on to the three movies in this set recently ( encounter , alien adventure , haunted castle ) and i was simply blown away . now i can not stop watching these 3d movies ! ! the movies are all made by nwave pictures - and boy - have they done a fantastic job ! ! ! ! informative , fun , and of the highest quality.....this is the definitive 3d package . kids will love , and so will adults . also , once you have the lcd shutter glasses , they will work on any " field sequential " 3d movie you can get your hands on . these movies are thrilling though - especially the non-stop coaster rides in each one . do you hear what i am saying ? ? buy this......now ! ! you can thank me later ! ! ! 100 stars if i could and of course..highly reccomended 
music pos 828.txt a lot of people seem to snub their noses at let 's talk about love because it was n't the career-defining album as the album that preceded it , but all in all , it 's still a fantastic snapshot for celine 's career in 1997. celine shocked almost everyone by releasing a follow-up so shortly ( falling into you was still in the top 40 on the charts at the time ) but it was very worthy . among my faves on the album include " the reason " , " immortality " with the bee gees ( for a " celine-less " version of the song , check out the bee gees ' 2-disc hits collection from 2001 ) , " love is on the way " , the very funky " treat her like a lady " , " to love you more " and the beautiful singalong title track . this album also housed " my heart will go on " which certainly helped push this album to sales over 9 million . while it was a song that you wanted to smash the stereo at the time because it was being played every five minutes , i 'd say enough time has passed that once again you can enjoy and appreciate this beautiful , powerful ballad . with " falling into you " and this album , celine was the #1 female artist for a period , becoming a superstar right as mariah was abandoning ac for r&b , as alanis was going on hiatus for awhile , and when shania was taking off but had n't yet exploded into major-superstardom . love her or malign her ( it seems fashionable to do the latter ) , she became one of the premier voices in adult contemporary and won over a large audience . i have n't been a fan at all of her last few albums , but if she ever comes back with an album like these two , i 'd snatch it up in a heartbeat 
software neg 449.txt having just paid [...] for this product , i expected the word processing component to have at least the basics . wrong . to me , the ability to easily format a business or legal document with " page x of y " at the bottom of the page seems pretty fundamental . well , works 8.5- --unlike other microsoft word processor versions or programs- --does not provide that choice . without this basic a " feature " , you might as well simply use wordpad . i cannot comment on other abilities this program has or does n't have , or , on the spreadsheet or database modules , because i simply do n't want to spend any more time on this . recommendation : go to openoffice.org and get open office for free 
software pos 87.txt this is a great collection to get if you would like to read the comic 's from the past at a great price . 
health pos 202.txt these are marvelous ! ! i had gotten a different style last february for mothers , , these adventure towels are great for the dorm and college kids...i love the snap strap and the pouch . now all of my children want them , too ! ! also love the up to date colors ! 
camera pos 103.txt this monopod does a great job for my camera . you have the quick , easy-off , it attatches to your camera by a screw , and you can press the button on the side of the monopod and just slide your camera right off of it quickly . i wanted a nice , inexpensive monopod for my new zoom lense . i have a canon 35mm , and i recently purchased a 75-300 zoom lense for it , and i needed a monopod to stabilize the shoot . if i knew then what i know now , i would buy it again . nice product 
dvd pos 745.txt good actors , great story.. . some good action too.. . this is great movie to help put together the bits and pieces of the stories you 've heard about wild bill hickok , calamity jane , and more . it all may be true history , it may be fictional , it may just be myths mixed with fact , but whatever the case , there 's more truth than not in this version of the 1870 ' 
software pos 852.txt i have used tax cut for several years . have had no complaints . it is easy to use and is very complete . plan to use it again next year 
music pos 224.txt this album marked a return of sorts to the old trademark isley brothers sound , and it 's off the hook.jam and terry , steve huff , rafeal saddiq , kelly and angela winbush all took their turns puttin ' it down , and that 's exactly what they did.from the time move your body kicks in until the very end this album is absolutely slammin' .highlights in my opinion are you desreve better , just like this , warm summer night and move your body.but the absolute highlight and ( in my opinion ) one of the most slept on songs of all times is the title cut eternal.that is one of my top ten isley brothers favorites of all times.the song kind of reminds me of make me say it again , and earnie showed all the way out on the guitar solo on that song.contagious even had a bit of the isleys sound and probably introduced them to a whole new audience.as a whole , i am extremely fond of this album 
camera neg 973.txt i made the mistake of selecting the bundle without reading the requirements closely . the lens is for a variety of canon cameras but the adapter only works with the a6xx series . my adapter arrived and it does n't work with my camera . kinda misleading and now i have to spend more to buy the correct adapter separately . bummer . also , captain jack is correct about the vignetting . this lens is sort of like a magnifying class that sits in front of the built-in zoom lens . if you zoom wide angle , you see the horrible vignetting he mentioned . if you stay zoomed in , it works ok . disappointing 
books neg 794.txt many of the columns were interesting . . . painting a picture of a vast right-ring conspiracy that hillary clinton first brought to the public discourse . but it seems that most of these pieces are obsolete , without any interest either as themselves or as a theme . does anyone care about texas state politics in 1989 , or phil gramm 's problems as a senator or as a presidential candidate ? someone should have gone through this and culled out what was obsolete .. except that that would probably have left less material than would make up a book . just going through a bunch of previously written columns and passing them off as a book may be a cheap and easy way to publish something but it is an inadequate read 
books pos 18.txt the ny times book review linked this novel to the aftermath of 9-11 , but that may have more to do with the preoccupation of new yorkers than with the story powers wrote . while he does refer to 9-11 early on , this book concerns environmentalism and species conservation versus wrong-headed economic development in the great plains at the western edge of the midwestern farming belt . it is about the struggle not to loose even more economic ground relative to the rest of america in a region that is being slowly drained of its population due to the changing scale of agricultural operations . but since it is a richard powers novel , it is also about much more : neuro-physiology , brain function as reflected in behavior and personality , the devotion of a 30ish sister to her less-able younger brother , her sexual relations with two very different men , and a nationally-known writer ( clearly modeled on oliver sachs ) who has a late mid-life crisis . it is about love , devotion , and doing as much of the right thing as one can do . it involves escape and return . clearly , powers should not be considered a regional writer . his books have been set entirely or partly in brooklyn , manhattan , philadelphia , l . a . , the pacific northwest , and the continent of europe . but several books by powers are set in the midwest where he is based . readers who know something of the areas in which those stories are set will gain an extra measure of appreciation for the skillful way powers incorporates subtle regional characteristics into these novels . as others have said , this is probably not the best novel this writer has given us , although it is quite carefully plotted , and full of the marvelous insights we have come to expect from him . i prefer the goldbug variations , three farmers on their way to a dance , and , despite my own musical illiteracy , in the time of our singing . but even when powers is not quite at his best , he writes a better book than most novelists ever manage ever to produce . read , enjoy , learn 
music pos 225.txt i appreciate bands like ima robot , film school and electroclash artists for trying to add a little balance into alternative music , or at least i appreciate film school for trying to merge the beauty of electronica with alternative and allow it to simmer down to the always wonderous shoegazing while bringing back the trend of the new wave you loved in the 80's . the thing about it is it is bands like these that are adding their own style into music making it worth your minutes and expanding your genres from just on band . have you heard depeche mode 's albums with a wind of boards of canada ? call this the album that it would have made more sense for maximo park to create if you will but this album is america 's response to all other international bands showing us off hard . ( the band is from san francisco , i believe ) and their influence for this album is a mix of electronica and 80 's music ( my bloody valentine . new order ? depeche mode ? ) all leading them to create an album that does n't quite call the band in question an american radiohead per se , but with half of the music smothered in swirling guitars , accompanying keyboards , and a leaders effort to push the band forward , a band that is trying to reach heights of originality . film school 's debut ( if you are n't counting their imported ep ) kicks off with am intro wielding only swirls of guitar and electronics before finally bringing you into an illuminating " on and on " that may force your urge to name this band after interpol and elefant and a little bit of the bravery in there , too , but will not let you throughout this entire album . their current single " pitfalls " may cause them to swing on the vine of similarity since everyone is trying to bring back new wave these days , but worse can happen for a band like this . the backward keyboard melody should more than make you tell the difference . the second actual interlude " garrison " is where boards of canada 's wind starts blowing through the cd , before heading back into the record that will be likely to redefine the sound of " cool " . if there is ever an album to chase after and count on for the safety of new wave and the health of alternative , i do n't see a better candidate for leg-ups than film school 's latest . rating : 7.5 / 1 
health neg 430.txt not really an improvement over standard mach 3 cartridges , and certainly not worth the price jump . the shave quality still does not match that by an " old-fashioned " safety razor 
dvd pos 95.txt moving , intelligent , realistic , not overly acted ( as could quite easily have been the case ) . about a 20 year old who has gone off the rails to come back onto them again...you see why this has happened , feel sympathy , and just want him to do well when the film ends . a story about hope , in a world with little. . 
books neg 833.txt the book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included . however , on the atkins diet , the important measure to monitor is the & quot ; active&quot ; carbohydrate mass which may metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber . the inclusion of such a measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility 
software neg 179.txt it is now almost a month since i bought the upgrade to xp prof . for my destop computer running w2k prof . i have had nothing but trouble . my notebook computer , connected by a wireless next for almost 18 months , suddenly could not connect to the desktop . all network setup and trouble-shooting help did nothing . i called ms and things got worse . now i have an dditional problem ( no sound on my desktop ) and the first problem remains unsolved . i have been through three layers of ms technicians , only the last of which spoke english with an accent close enough to mine to be understood . nonce could fix the problems and they are now " researching " the problem and supposed to call me this morning . during one of the calls , the tech . tried to blame it on my notebook . if any of you are old enough to remember when there was only one telephone company , you 'll ercognize the situation . right now , i would prefer getting a refund and returning to w2k 
software pos 418.txt i 've used adobe products for years and years and will continue to do so 
books pos 662.txt i have written a lengthier review of this work elsewhere . but i did want to say to potential readers that the peggy antrobus book is a brief and welcome introduction to the global women 's movement , that as such it fills a long-felt-want , and that it is to be recommended to those new to , unfamiliar with , or who feel they should be allied with , the women 's movement . it would - it will - make an excellent text for those doing women 's studies , as to those doing social movement studies , whether globally or more locally . summarising , antrobus shows the women 's movement as political , as recognising women 's relationship to social conditions , as processal , as posed against patriarchal privilege , as beginning where and when women recognise their separateness and even their alienation , marginalisation , isolation or abandonment within wider movements for social justice or transformation . one complaint , but which is much more widely spread than in this book alone . this is the avoidance of the word ` capitalism ' - even by feminists who are or were once socialists . capitalism does not even get an index reference in antrobus . capitalists , mostly after all male , white and patriarchal , call it capitalism , and are proud of it . so why cannot it not be so named by feminists , who could and surely should condemn it ? this cannot be solely because of their justified criticism of the archaic political-economic determinism of patriarchal socialists . so it has to be due to either a desire to be salonfhig ( acceptable in the salons within which they have been speaking , to the funders they are dependent upon ) , or a restriction of their utopia to a kinder , gentler global capitalism , a global neo-keynesian order - for which no convincing feminist case has been made . pity 
software neg 153.txt i 've owned this software since it 's ridiculously overpriced $500 1.0 inception . even at it 's latest 1.5.1 $299 version apple should still be ashamed of themselves . i use final cut studio and own 3 recent macs , so i 've been devoted to apple to say the least . i am a professional wedding photographer / videographer . i have been more than patient with this software . it looks great , up to apple 's standards in design and vision but remains absolutely plagued with bugs . and unless you pay apple laughable amounts of money ( much more than the cost of the software itself ! ) , they will not provide support on anything except installation...even if there software update is the source of the issue . as someone who has been such an apple fan , i feel obligated to let everyone know that unless you enjoy pulling your hair out and repeating tasks over and over again do yourself a favor and download lightroom from adobe . 
music neg 331.txt the songs just did not get me dancing . i have to say i was disappointed . but i love kids favorite songs vol 2 but was never able to buy it as it was not availabl 
dvd neg 951.txt as cute and talented as i think hugh jackman is , this production was a waste of time , space and money . everyone involved in this feature should be ashamed of themselves . the acting is bad , the script is horrendous and the cg people apparently think their stuff do n't stink...which it does-badly . it 's not the worse movie i 've seen , but it 's surprisingly close . please do n't waste your time with this film 
health pos 925.txt loving this air purifier ! this was really the first one i have own so i ca n't compare it to any others . it is very quite , and takes alot of dust out of the air . the first time i had to replace the filter i was shocked by how much dust i could of been breathing in . worth picking up , just wish it would of had an energy star label . 
dvd neg 517.txt this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as " the cat in the hat " and " the grinch " . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down 
music neg 72.txt i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up 
software neg 9.txt when i first installed the program i was able to access the images , but since that first time i haven't . my operating system is xp and i do n't know if that is the problem with the software . i have since then uninstalled it . i did not think this product was very easy to use 
books pos 813.txt this book is extremely informative , eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo . i was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing . great buy 
dvd pos 117.txt the funny thing about this movie is that i read negative reviews here , and rather agree with what they assert : that the plots and some of the characters are not very " evolved " due to time . if you disect the movie , yes this is *true.* nonetheless , i love this movie ! i love watching the what the actors do with this material , and how they manage , with so little time , to invest the viewer in their story . emma thompson gives a perfect performance , i think , highlighting how complicated long marriages can become , and the pitfalls of being " too functional . " bill nighy is hilarious , acting as the needed jolts in between serious moments...quite refreshing . most of all , it is genuinely funny . life can feel ( or at least my life can feel ) disjointed , and i love a movie where a larger pattern emerges from seemingly chaotic events and connections . 
books neg 780.txt man , oh man , i think this is one of the worst books i 've ever read . if i could give the thanatos syndrome negative stars , i would ! seriously , half way through , i came to amazon to see how bad other people thought it was . boy was i shocked to see that almost all of these reviews were positive ! i found the book bizarre , unfocused and poorly written . the volcabulary repeatedly seems misused . the plot is not reasonable given the safeguards that us funding agencies have in place with regards to human experimentation . the physics , engineering , psychology , medical chemistry and biology are uninformed and unrealistic . characters are introduced as though they will be important to the outcome , only to have them dissipate . and so on . the characters do n't even seem like real people . for example , the main character recognizes his cousin by seeing her ankles - and only her ankles - flashing below a curtain , and yet he is apparently unaware of what degree of cousins they are . how could someone know a person that well , but still only have a vague idea of how they were related by blood ? or : one of the more reliable male characters blows duck hunting calls at women he finds attractive - as though he really thinks this will attract them . c'mon , if the guys a nut ( and anyone who tries to seduce women by talking ' duck ' to them is nuts ! ) , write him as a nut the whole way through , do n't make him the cornerstone of reliability at the book 's climax ! the book 's title is n't even explained , for crying out loud . thanatos means death in greek , i believe , but i could never understand what the author / editors / audience thought was dying . i wo n't read this one again , nor will i look for anything else by percy walker . 
camera pos 118.txt i just got back from vacation . i have a bad back , and it was sore . i was very happy to discover that the way this bag hangs , i could carry my nikon d-70 and one or two extra lens very comfortably . gear is super easy to access and the bag provides a nice platform for changing lenses . i have other bags which heft lots of gear , and they 're great for travel days and the occasional big shoot , but if you 're looking to hike ( and have a separate way to carry a tripod ) , then this is a wonderful bag 
books neg 92.txt old fan as i am , this one ( and quite a few of the later ones ) was a huge disappointment . badly written , obvious plot , even more cartoonish characters than usual . time for cussler to retire methinks... . 
camera pos 428.txt i 've used all types of film thoughout my photography days and by far kodaks treated me the best . if your out to capture rich , vibrant colors this is the film for you . so far i 've shot 4 rolls of it and i 'm amazed at how much the colors stand out . its definatly the film i 'll be using 
books pos 555.txt i love this book ! it is a terrific blend of hand-holding and concrete advice for writers . each chapter takes the writer / reader through the tough questions we face when we sit down to write : how do we begin ? where do ideas come from ? is there a ritual we can create that will help us begin ? i like the fact that i could use this book as a resource . in other words , i did not have to read it cover to cover . rather , it truly serves as a guide , a mentor 's guide , that can serve me as i continue to write . i really liked the movie section , where cathleen rountree uses movies to make points about the writing process . i found those sections inspirational and useful . if you want to be a writer or if you are already writing , i urge you to buy this book 
music neg 148.txt as for many of these kind of unknown groups , the music in the album is useless . in the meaning that this music has no use . it is not relaxing . it is not for contemplation . it is not spiritual . it is nothing but electronic esperiments that many vendors try to deliver under the name of " ambient " . but ambient music is music . this is crap . well differently from two a.d. where probably the producers realized that crap is crap and no more crap was good to be sold , because people is n't stupid . two a.d. is light years away from this crap . do n't waste your money . listen the the samples by yourself to grab what i mean . sergi 
dvd pos 875.txt the book offers what feels to be a valuable revelation about improving your game . the information is well presented and the cd is a nice addition...but really i think counting the the tempo / timing to yourself would be more effective ; at least that worked better for me 
music neg 263.txt periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans 
camera neg 268.txt last year , i purchased the 5600 as an upgrade from my nikon 2100. i am extremely upset over this purchase i have made , since it does not seem to take any good indoor pictures . the nikon 2100 takes much better shots inside . the indoor pics from this camera have an awkward yellow tint , and does not focus well . however , the outdoor shots are very clear and sharp . i tend to use this camera for all my outdoor pictures . the outdoor video works well on this camera too . i am giving this low one-star rating , since many events tend to be held indoors . this was definitely my final nikon purchase ever 
dvd pos 814.txt if you liked yul brynner in & quot ; the magnificent seven&quot ; you will love him in this movie . brynner is cool as they come . this is a great western and should be on dvd 
books neg 815.txt more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e. streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests 
dvd neg 173.txt spare me another movie about how the big bad catholic church makes life dull and arduous until everybody is rescued by a sexually liberated mary poppins . the film 's agenda is all over it and binoche 's character is just too " practically perfect in every way . " 
software neg 521.txt this is an example of a large company pertpetrating fraud on the people who buy its products . i bought my son an ipod for christmas . unfortunately he could not use it to download from itunes on his 4 yr old mac powerbook computer . he needed to buy the newer ( tiger ) operating system . so another [...] to buy this operating system . he has been unable to install it on his powerbook.both of us have spent over 4 hours on the phone with mac tech support ( hah ! ) and have found no solution . finally they told us to bring it in to an applestore ( three hour drive away ) which we did , only to be told that it would cost [...] for them to even look at it . i hope no one else has to suffer like we have just because you bought an ipod 
software neg 187.txt i recently purchased the software above only to find it does not support my dvd drive ( hl-dt-st rw / dvd gcc-4482b ( 1.00 ) i have unsuccessfully tried to contact roxio support three times . no response . i did go through the long list of supported drives and also emailed my problem to roxio . needless to say , i am very disappointed and do not recommend the purchase of this software . i have a new gateway desktop that came with the above drive . 
books neg 114.txt i looked for an introduction to the basics of office automation and bought this book . every example code i tried was incorrect and the examples are just all trivial . samples from the msdn was just as good as this book . if you only need a rough overview what technologies are out there , this book is ok . but for any real programming it is not very useful . 
camera neg 191.txt yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses . 
software pos 78.txt i am enjoying this new card shop they have refreshing great cards others do not . my friends and family that i have made cards for think they are the best also . keep making more and more . thank 
health pos 279.txt i bought this product because i had one from years ago that i use when i go to the gym but lost . it 's great at drying me off while i 'm working out and yet the towel is n't wet . i am conflicted though . i bought this one when i lost the one i already had . it 's a bit thinner and not the same deminsion as the original , but i still like it for what it does . i also like the little bag that it comes in , which i did n't have with the original one 
dvd neg 593.txt i was also disappointed with this dvd , as is seemed to be a popular choice among amazon shoppers . i think the title , " yoga for beginners " is misleading , as this dvd contains many advanced yoga routines . also , on the back of the dvd it said it contained a " core workout 20 min . " but no such workout is actually on the dvd ! i purchase the " pilates for inflexible people " at the same time as this dvd , and i much prefer it . although , i wish i 'd known that two of the workouts from the pilates dvd were on the yoga dvd before i bought them both . 
camera neg 987.txt it sounds like a good system if it worked . you cannot use this system or the indoor camera if you or your neighbors within 300 feet have : a wireless computer network , or a cordless phone ( 2.4 ghz ) , or a microwave that is running . i 'm not kidding - i ca n't believe this even passed testing . i think mobicam has a newer system that you should investigate owning . those have lots of reviews . pay attention to them 
dvd neg 782.txt the only reason i gave this movie a star was because there is no zero star option . where does seagal continue to get backing for his movies - the last 8 ( or 10 ? ) have all been awful . his last good release was under seige . i only wish my 401k grew as fast as his waistline . submeged is bad - no suprise there , it will be the last movie of his i watch , i just ca n't take it any more . submerged ? must be a reference to his movie career which went under about a decade ago 
health pos 293.txt it 's small , folds down and is great to pack for a trip instead of your big hair dryer . i just wish you could set it on cool and blow as fast cuz it does get pretty hot . very convenient item if you travel 
books pos 509.txt i have not been able to put this book down since i received it . i have always dreamed of visiting italy , but until that time comes , i have been redecorating my home to reflect that dream . i now have a & quot ; tuscan kitchen&quot ; that makes me very happy to be in . i bought this book for new ideas , and also to confirm that the elements in my home already are the correct ones . i was thrilled to find these & quot ; tuscan elements&quot ; such as pottery , stones , tiles discussed throughout . and the photographs inspire me to pay attention to details . it 's all about the textures of the walls , the colors , how you display your ceramics....the pictures are beautiful . i may not get to italy any time soon , but this book helped bring my dream a little closer to home 
software pos 670.txt quickbooks lives up to it 's reputation of being the one-size-fits-all small business book keeping software . it does what you want it to do . i like the feature of being able to easily sent e-mail invoices . if you need the software right away it is just as cheap at the office supply stores 
dvd neg 485.txt solar flow is a fine dvd , but should not be marketed as something separate from yoga shakti . there are no new sequences , just remixes of the shakti sequences . since you can rearrange all the shakti sequences on your own , solar flow is superfluous . i do n't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice . a little disclosure please ! -rebecc 
books pos 890.txt in 1995 the poverty level for a family of four in the united states was $19 , 806. 37 million people in the us live at or below this level . ron sider correctly asserts that it is morally unacceptable for 37 million people to live in poverty in this country while the wealthiest people are gaining a larger percentage of all wealth . in just generosity , sider presents his vision for overcoming poverty in america . and it is a compelling vision . sider 's vision is distinctive because he acknowledges that poverty is caused by both systemic injustice in society 's structures and by poor moral decisions by impoverished individuals . both must be addressed in order to stop cycles of poverty . drawing upon biblical study , sider presents the goal of an economy of justice : " every person or family has access to productive resources ( land , money , knowledge ) so they have the opportunity to earn a generous sufficiency of material necessities and be dignified participating members of their community " ( 81 ) . sider deals with a vast array of programs and issues like welfare , minimum wage , tax credits , health care , and education reform , showing how each could be employed in ways that encourage work , empower the poor , and strengthen families . sider ends with this troubling question : do enough christians really care ? this book should be required reading for any that do . 
camera pos 637.txt do not expect this to replace the zoom from your camera . it will not do that nor was it intended to do so . what it does do is optically bring things a little bit closer . this is certainly preferably to using the digital zoom that comes with so many cameras . the lens works by screwing into the end of the camera lens where filters would normally be put . this means that it is something which must be planned for to be used . it is not to be put on while filming is taking place ; it is in place when filming begins . since it is easy to use , this should not take too long . the normal zoom of the camera can be used while this lens is in place . having it in place just changes the limits from a little bit closer to what would normally be the case to not quite as far when the camera is zoomed out to maximum . care should be taken not to get this lens cross threaded when putting it in place . the quality of the optics seem to be fine . i used it on a sony dcr-vx2100 and had no problems . this is a handy gadget to have handy in your case but be aware of what it will and will not do . 
software pos 926.txt the upgrade presents a good value for a vista-compatible product that includes improvements to ease of use , particularly for combining documents into a single pdf . 
health pos 631.txt these paper towels are as good as any cheaper paper towels ; they are not cloth-like or super thick , but they are as good as any other paper towels you might find for the same price that are n't made of recycled materials . in short , they are cheap and better for the environment than non-recycled , chlorine-bleached products 
camera neg 280.txt the look and feel of this camcorder is very good . unfortunately my camcorder use is limited to low light indoor activities . for example , evening party , indoor school activities , kid drama and orchestra . this camcorder is not at all suitable for these activities . earlier i had a sony dcr trv140 , which was way better than this camcorder . this camcorder has a very small sensor and hence such a low price . one easy guide to evaluate the sensor size is to look at the optical zoom . most of the camcorders with more than 10x optical zoom has small sensors . these large optical zoom camcorders will perform poorly in low light . if you are planning to use this camcorder in low indoor light , i do not recommend it . 
books neg 746.txt i was trying my hardest to be creept out , but like someone said , it read like a pre-teen novel . 
health neg 493.txt when i gave birth i had already bought packages of newborn huggies . they were horrible . i thought once my boys got older that maybe huggies would work then . nope . i 've tried huggies supreme and the cheap huggies . they are both made horribly and after your child goes in them once they sag so bad you have to go change them . i thought since everyone always talks about pull-ups that they would work once potty training time came around . wrong again . they leaked evertime he wore them . do not waste you money . i always ended up going back to the pampers swaddlers , cruisers , and training pants . pampers are the best . 
books neg 688.txt this breviary is disappointing to traditional catholics ! novus ordo catholics will be right at home with this but if you are a traditional orthodox catholic who favors the roman rite and who has been traumatized by the profanations inflicted by iconaclastic innovations , this is the same ole same ole vatican ii " stuff . " 
health neg 914.txt so , yeah , it mounts in your bathroom with the suction cups , and once it 's mounted , it stays put pretty well . unfortunately , it has so far never actually been " fogless . " get a good shower going , and the mirror fogs up in record time . splash some water on it , and you can see yourself for half a minute , but overall , this is a disappointment . 
music pos 576.txt what a wonderful and diverse cd . sit in front of a fire on a rainy day with a nice glass of oregon pinot noir in your hand . close your eyes relax and let the sounds of liebert surround you . his talent is evident in the expressions as he 's playing . the guitar seems an extension of his own form , not a separate instrument . 
software pos 134.txt adobe photoshop has a long history of being the best software in the business . it 's only downside is that it may seem a bit daunting to the beginning user . there is , however , a plethora of texts , tutorials , learning guides , and even video 's to help abate the learning curve 
software pos 776.txt i 'm currently learning how to use this product ; however , one of the first things i noticed was that the only way to do my payroll with it was to use a service . now of course , this service was n't free and with only 4 employees , the last thing i wanted to do was expend $20 a month on a service . was n't that the point of getting quickbooks - so i could do it myself ? now i can understand that tax codes , percentages , etc can vary from state to state , but would it have been so difficult for them to just set up a section with the generalized accounts and have the user input the amounts for each account needed on their payroll checks . see , i 'm not even asking them to have the computer calculate the amounts . simple would have been fine with me . as for the rest of the program , it looks as though it will be fairly easy to use after i figure out the best way to set it up for my particular business . i 'm disappointed that a business program designed for the small businessman would omit something as vital as payroll 
books neg 889.txt the humor is definitely not in the book - reviews and summaries use the word " hilarity " however , i did not come across any situation that i would classify as even funny , not to mention hilarious . i thoroughly enjoyed her first novel , pink slip , however , this one seemed depressing . the two main characters appeared to have no respect or show any outward love toward each other until the very end of the story . the plot seemed to be very slow - the whole story took place in a matter of days , but really , nothing took place in the book . all in all , they bought a house . i would pass on this for better reads elsewhere 
music neg 213.txt hooba...stank...stinks and will always stink . i do n't know about the rest of the cd , but listening to the reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal . i 'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn . egad 
software neg 131.txt this software did n't quite do what i expected . i was somewhat disappointed when i discovered that it would n't convert itunes m4p music files to mp3 files to run on a real player . 
camera pos 660.txt i was looking to expand my lens collection without breaking my budget and found this 50mm to be an excellent first choice . i love being able to shoot in low light situations which this lens has allowed for me to do . however , the auto-focus leave a lot to be desired as far as speed and accuracy goes . i 've found leaving it in manual focus allows me to get more shots faster , at least in low light . 
music pos 577.txt spice 1 's just different from every other rapper . and he 's awesome . if you love hardcore rap , you 'll love spice 1 
books neg 148.txt i got this as both a book and an audio file . i had waited to read it and was surprised by both the enthusiasm of the content and its author , but also by how he snuck in some odd biblically unsound thoughts ( e.g. , i gasped when he suggested christ went to hell...what bible passage evidences this ? ) . i agree with how he suggests the enemy is out to deceive us and keep us asleep...but wonder if i go further how much more eldredge will slip in of his own peculiar biblical misintrepretations . where were his editors when this was being written ? why take sensible good sections and mar them with oddities ? i havent read all the reviews here but as one of those " conservatives " frequently mentioned in them i have to admit i may not even finish this book for fear of what else eldredge has slipped up on . i did appreciate his story about daniel and the " delayed " angel...but am left wondering if i need go deeper into researching that as possible misintepretation too . what a shame this book is turning into such a questionable venture for me . we are at war as the author suggests and we must guard the source material well..the bible well . so far...i may join others and ditch this valiant attempt to energize christians and return to the word itself . i wonder if i can get a refund 
dvd neg 246.txt ahhhh , what a great movie . i cry at the end every time . i remember when i was young and prayed for the safe return of the astronauts of apollo 13. however , i am severely dissappointed with the widescreen dvd . those who created it did not use the original film , but chopped top and bottom from the fullscreen vhs version . there are many instances when this is evident , but the most glaring is the scene in the back yard of the lovell house after the walk on the moon when jim says , & quot ; i want to go back there&quot ; . when the scene opens , he is cut off at mid-thigh and you never see below his knees . on the fullscreen vhs you can see his shoes . when i buy the widescreen , i want the whole movie , not less than the fullscreen vhs tape . bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . buy the vhs 
health pos 590.txt i have not been overweight for many years , but i still have that last 5-10 pounds that just will not stay off . i have several issues with eating - i tend to eat very large portions when i am really enjoying a meal , i snack a lot , and i have a major sweet tooth . this product has taken care of all 3 problems . i am currently taking 1000 mg 3 times a day . i plan to cut back a little once i 'm at my target weight . i find that this dosage will generally suppress my appetite and / or urge to eat for 3-6 hours . it 's odd for me to experience hunger without cravings and a frantic urge to eat...but that 's what the pills do for me . most of the time i can tell i 'm hungry only because my stomach is growling and it has been several hours since my last meal...but i do n't feel like i have to eat anything right away . i can go grocery shopping when i 'm hungry and not make poor choices , and even when i finish up at the gym after work i do n't feel ravenous anymore . i definitely get full faster . it does n't feel like it used to when i overate , i just can tell i 've eaten enough and i stop . what a concept ! and often i can just have a bite or two and be good for another 30-60 min if i 'm too busy to sit down and eat . my urge to snack has really been curbed . i still have one or two snacks most days , but they are much smaller and often more healthy . now i can actually stay up several hours past dinner without making another mini-meal , which i used to do almost every night . hoodia does not completely kill my appetite , it suppresses it quite a bit but more than anything it takes away all of my cravings . that is definitely my favorite part - i used to crave sugar from morning until night practically every day . since my first day on these pills , the only time i 've had sweets is when someone has offered me something . i 'm able to eat just a little and not wish for ten times more . it does not occur to me to go to the vending machine at work anymore , or buy candy when i 'm shopping . maybe even more than the weight loss , the emotional benefits of these pills are incredible for me . i 'm no longer berating myself constantly for overeating or having too much candy or dessert . i 'm not depressed all day anymore because my favorite pants have gotten snug , and all i can think about is why i do n't have the willpower to prevent it . i would definitely recommend this product , especially to anyone who has issues with food like i do 
health neg 30.txt read some reviews that say " my cousin lost 100 pounds by drinking this water and walking a mile a day , " and ask yourself - would n't that guy have lost the exact same weight drinking that much tap water and walking a mile a day ? ! this water is simply an attempt to fool gullible consumers into paying money for something with absolutely no value . if you wo n't drink water and exercise unless you have " special " water imbued with mythical powers , than by all means , this is the product for you . but if you prefer to save your money , simply exercise , eat healthier , and drink regular tap water 
camera pos 925.txt i am in love with this camera . the shutterspeed is awesome , the quality of pictures is awesome , and the shake reduction feature is awesome ! ! i would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a great camera ! 
health neg 494.txt because if you do , this is the unit to do it with ! the combination of a demineraliztion cartridge that does not work and / or the silver stick has resulted in the total coating of my new macbook pro 's internal circuitry with metal deposits . no , i do not work in a metal shop . i use my computer solely in my apartment room . yes , it is from the humidifer . the dispersion pattern is heaviest around the fan intake areas . 
books pos 627.txt for the english-language reader wedgwood 's book , which has been in print for over sixty years , is still an excellent introduction and synoptic narrative of this lengthy and turbulent period of european history . it gives brief and judicious biographical sketches of the major political and military actors of three generations : the principal antagonists at the outset - - ferdinand ii of austria and frederick v , elector palatine ; the condottieri-style generals - spinola , von mansfeld , tilly , wallenstein , piccolomini , christian of halberstadt , bernhard of saxe-weimar , the duc d'enghien ( conde ) ; the contentious minor rulers - - maximilian v of bavaria , johann georg of saxony ; the northern monarchs - - christian iv of denmark and gustavus adophus of sweden ( and his daughter christina and prime minister , oxenstierna ) ; the " spoiler " , cardinal richelieu ; the new emperor ferdinand iii and his cousin , the warlord cardinal-infant ferdinand of spain ; and many others . this book is written in a traditional english historian 's prose style that is clear , eloquent and totally lacking the jargon of concurrent and later social and economic histories , while still covering these aspects of the period . in spite of some reviewers ' claims of a " protestant bias " in her interpretation , the author seems extremely fair when assessing responsibility for the long-running disaster of the war , taking the position that it was the self-serving political interests of the participants ( dynasties , rulers , generals and paymasters ) that kept the war going at the expense of the social and economic welfare of the vast majority of inhabitants of germany and bohemia . although i am not familiar with this new edition ( and grafton 's introduction ) i emphasize that any reissuing of this book should have a brief scholarly introduction which supplies more details on the constitutional arrangements and crises of the holy roman empire during the sixteenth century , with a special emphasis on the composition of the bohemian estates and the conflicts between the estates and the habsburg king-emperors . the extent and internal organization of " the bohemian crown lands " should also be outlined . a succinct review of the political status of lutheranism , calvinism , the bohemian brethren , and other protestant confessions throughout all of europe around the year 1600 and a note on how their status had altered by 1700 would also be useful in " setting the stage " for the events of 1618 and understanding the relgious-denomination consequences of the war . the author supplies sufficient details on the major battles , but this is not a work of military history . as wedgwood knows , battles were only significant in the larger view as a result of their political consequences . and it is in the elucidation of the underlying politics of the war ( including how political prospects shifted with the waxing and waning of military fortunes ) that wedgwood excels . in her analysis of the general european situation at the outset of the war she proposes that there were three sets of forces which underlay and drove contemporary events . each was a source of conflict and each might cross-cut the others , complicating the declared interests and objectives of the dynasties and nations involved . in brief , the forces were : ( a ) religion , with three major competing factions ( catholic , lutheran , calvinist ; she notes that the conflict between the latter two forms of protestantism was often as extreme as it was between each of them and the roman catholic church ) . ( b ) nationalism ( french , german , czech , etc. ) , which was a new force on the scene , crystallizing the idea that political entities might be defined by nationality ( which here equals some combination of ethnicity and native language ) rather than conceived of as polyglot territorial agglomerations brought about by dynastic interests . ( c ) monarchic-constitutional issues , which were especially complicated and ambiguous within the " constitutional " grouping of major and minor powers known as the holy roman empire ( hre ) . the constitutional problem was twofold . within the small arenas of developing nation states and the yet smaller ones of traditional rulerships throughout europe ( duchies , counties , " free-city " areas ruled by town councils and mayors ) contests over the basis and extent of the rulers ' powers and privileges were taking place . aristocrats , oligarchs and merchants had traditional corporate bodies ( estates ) reluctant to cede their own powers ( taxation , the organization of military service ) to a central authority . the same conflict was also being played out on the larger scale of the hly roman epire , that loose grouping of special obligations and exemptions which was the final residue of an earlier system of vassalage binding together the elected emperor ( who had been a habsburg for several centuries ) and the smaller rulerships of central europe . the religious reforms , rebellions and wars of the sixteenth century had produced a system that appeared to resolve some of the potential problems through the won privilege of cujus regio , eius religio ( " whoever rules , his religion [is the religion of the ruled area] " ) . in the year of the war 's inception , 1618 , this new balance was very fragile , comprising four catholic and three protestant imperial electors . in germany the special arrangements regulating relationships between the emperor ( resident in vienna or prague ) and local rulers and guaranteeing a great deal of political autonomy to the locals , especially the protestant electors , had been somewhat codified by the augsburg treaty of 1555 , and were known as the " german liberties " . these would prove to be especially important to the three protestant electors at the outset of the war . in the developing continental war one could be pro - or anti-habsburg based on any one of the above factors or any combination of two or three of them . for example , a catholic ruler ( including the papacy ) might seek protestant allies in order to combat habsburg territorial expansion in his direction or to combat constitutional changes in the empire which affected his position adversely . or a protestant power might accept the habsburg " program " in any given case because it did not wish to disturb constitutional arrangements that were to its advantage ( this characterization is apt for saxony and brandenburg during the first twelve years of the war . ) as wedgwood notes , all three considerations ( religion , nationality , constitutional relations ) could be and were used cynically to advance the positions and interests of individual rulers and factions . from the point of view of rationality or predictability , political choices and commitments were often self-contradictory ( e.g. , a catholic power supporting a protestant venture ; a german liberties party accepting occupation by the army of a foreign power , etc. ) or temporary expedients that made the overall european situation more chaotic . the war began locally in bohemia , but its complications and consequences radiated outward as far west as spain and england ( even farther , to the caribbean naval theater ) , as far north as sweden and northeast to poland , as far south as italy and southeast as transylvania ; in other words , it was a european continental war with global impact . when the war broke out in 1618 it was over the habsburg violation of a " constitutional guarantee " of religious freedom in bohemia ( the concessions stated in rudolf ii 's letter of majesty ) . and here is where individual personalities and beliefs played an important role . ferdinand ii , who had knowingly violated the terms of the letter soon after being selected by the bohemian diet as king ( and therefore the first in precedence of the hre electors ) was determined not only to expand the political powers of the habsburg dynasty in bohemia and elsewhere , he was firmly committed to the goals of the catholic counter-reformation ( i.e. , re-catholicizing all of the areas within the hre which had become protestant during the last one hundred years ) . when he was deposed by a special convention of the bohemian estates ( the defenestration of his deputies in prague being the signal event of this deposition ) , the crown of bohemia was offered to the elector of the ( rhineland ) palatinate , frederick v , who considered himself a champion of the protestant cause . the religious zeal of these two antagonists led to extreme fixed positions at the very outset of the war . given the other major conflict hovering in the background - - the spanish habsburg determination to recover the now protestant area of the netherlands which had become the successful and defiant ( dutch ) united provinces - the war soon became international . while the entry of france and then denmark followed by sweden , into the war during the 1620 's changed its nature and extended its duration , wedgwood concentrates much of her analysis on the behavior of the two protestant electors , johann georg of saxony and georg wilhelm of brandenburg and one catholic ruler , maximilian of bavaria . it is her contention throughout the book that johann georg and maximilian in particular could have prevented the war 's spread and forced ferdinand into a compromise very early in the course of events that acquired their own dynamism once they got out of hand . despite their religious differences these two were always strong " german liberties " proponents , and each had the same view of the austrian habsburg rulers : they should be kept for the broader protections they offered , but kept in place with respect to encroachments on the traditional rights of local rulers . in the end both of these rulers survived the lengthy war in spite of numerous diplomatic and military reversals ( saxony switched sides and joined the swedes for several years , while maximilian 's position was constantly and secretly supported by his nominal enemies , the french , as their potential foot in the habsburg camp . ) wedgwood believes that the price of their survival was far too costly for the rest of germany . wedgwood 's gloss on the changing nature of the conflict is that by the year 1635 the war had become one of great-power politics , and that the earlier religious and ideological causes were losing their ability to motivate the antagonists . her summary of the changes emphasizes the following : ( a ) religion had discredited itself as a plausible source of political programs and a legitimate cause for war . religion was becoming more interiorized and private , and losing ground philosophically and ethically to the new prestige of empirical and applied science ( this was the era of galileo and kepler , with descartes , harvey , hook , newton , huygens , etc. on the near horizon ; a time of laboratory science and scientific societies . ) as the basis of a political program religion was viewed cynically by those who saw the devastation it had brought about . ( b ) for thinking men , nationalism began to fill the emotional void in public life left by the withdrawal of religion as the underlying motive for political and cultural action . this was very obvious in france , but even true of ferdinand iii , for whom the new main cause was the construction of an austrian-based hereditary monarchy whose additional obligations as the holy roman imperial protector of far-flung german catholics were no longer perceived as worthwhile . in the minds of both germans and austrian habsburgs the holy roman empire was becoming an honorific entity with ambiguous and weak political commitments in germany . the elbe-north german-pomeranian ideal empire of wallenstein was never again revived as a dynastic program . austria began to move south and east ( toward italy , croatia , and hungary ) in its expansionist aims . ( c ) the control of immense polyglot , multi-religious , mercenary armies and their huge camp followings had become a pressing matter of concern for all of the political authorities that hired them - they were neither religious nor national in their motives and aims and were in fact independent " mobile states " unto themselves , cynical and rapacious and often as dangerous to their paymasters as to their foes ; whenever their immediate prospects for pay and maintenance looked bad , they changed sides . the most successful mercenary generals had become mini-sovereigns . officers were all " out for themselves " and for their troops ( rather than for the cause or nation of their paymaster ) , since without troop loyalty they had no means of personal advancement - - the most famous commanders , ernst von mansfeld , wallenstein , bernhard of saxe-weimar , the swedish general wrangel , all expected ( and some received ) grants of territory and titles of nobility as their rewards for service . the " national " armies of conscripts that came to the fore in the 18th century was the answer to this problem . the pace of the war wound down during its last five years ( although there were several major battles fought even then ) , which was a period of extended negotiatons in mnster and osnabrck , with the " final treaty " being signed late in 1648. for the next five years a series of conferences met at nrnberg to implement and enforce the peace treaty and to deal with difficult problems raised by demobilizing huge armies . many of the loans of this period , which were raised to cover the demobilization costs , were not paid off for a century . individual rulers such as charles of lorraine and the duke of savoy ( who got nothing from the treaty ) refused to vacate various fortresses for five or six years , but the war did not break out again . france and spain continued at war with each other , but not in germany . numerous soldiers , especially officers , went into mercenary service all over europe . others took to the hills as professional bandits - for the next 20 years merchants traveled through certain parts of germany and bohemia in armed caravans . wedgwood accepts the more recent ( 1900-1930 's ) historical estimate that the population of the imperial german lands ( excluding alsace and the netherlands ) dropped from about 21 million in 1618 to 13 million in 1648. the number of dislocated people was also substantial . while she acknowledges that the number of towns and villages destroyed and other " infrastructural " and economic losses were very large , she feels that all contemporary sources ( e.g. , the pamphlet literature of the next 100 years ) exaggerated local losses , since all parties in the war continued to seek indemnities and restitution . the free peasantry benefited briefly , since landowners were desperate for manpower to restore their estates - prices fell while wages rose for a number of years , which increased the standard of living of peasants and artisans . but within a decade of the peace treaty the landowning gentry was pleading with imperial , royal and local rulers to impose legal restrictions which would re-create bonded , serf-like conditions for peasants . town councils now became pawns and bureaucrats of the dynastic courts of their rulers and also implemented restrictive legislations on peasants ( e.g. , prohibitions against mobility , domestic industry , and household craft production - - a trend which later historians refer to as " neo-serfdom " ) . class stratification was as rigid as it was before the war started . there was a new , large class of mobile petty nobles and gentry seeking court-backed military and bureaucratic appointments , at the expense of town and peasant taxpayers . germany and the austrian-based monarchy and empire were totally excluded from the international competition to establish overseas colonies and from the developing " atlantic trade " . for a number of years the outlets of germany 's major rivers ( rhine , elbe , oder , and for brandenburg-prussia , vistula ) were controlled by foreign powers , reducing germany 's commercial strength . hamburg was the exception , becoming the major maritime merchant city of the north sea coast , at the expense of the other hanseatic cities and the scandinavian powers . the only medium-sized german state to emerge with positive prospects was brandenburg , soon to become the administratively efficient and militarily powerful prussia . the peace , while ending the " wars of religion " , set the stage for a long series of " nationalistic " wars that subsumed dynastic and religious sources of conflict . france replaced the habsburg spanish-austrian coalition as the menacing and tyrannical continental power willing to disturb the peace . austria turned to the south and east and spain lost its great power status and became an economic and cultural backwater . there was no politically or culturally unified germany within the boundaries of the old empire ( french culture began to reign supreme ) and the cosmopolitanism ( its openness to outside influences ) of this area during the 18th century , instead of being a source of pride over its achievements , became a source of lament for later cultural and ethnic purists of revived german nationalism . author 's judgment and conclusions : in terms of responsibility for the overall disaster , wedgwood points to the futility and self-destructiveness of sincere religious zeal in the cases of ferdinand ii and the elector palatine . but , from the point of view of failures of practical ( and ethical ) politics , she highlights the behavior of maximilian and johann georg , who could have prevented the spread of the conflict in 1620 and could have brought the war to an early end in 1635 if they had agreed to work together on a " unified german program " which would have forced imperial compromises and concessions had they both stood behind it . between these two she sees the saxon as the greater victim of military circumstances ( pressed by the swedish juggernaut ) and therefore less culpable for the mess , while she judges the bavarian as too subtle and too ambitious in pursuit of his own dynastic and territorial ambitions at the expense of a general settlement good for his fellow germans , thus identifying him as the more culpable . beautiful in its style and concision , wedgwood 's final summary is also gloomy ( as one might expect of a work completed in 1939 , on the verge of world war ii ) : " as there was no compulsion towards a conflict which , in despite of the apparent bitterness of the parties , took so long to engage and needed so much assiduous blowing to fan the flame , so no right was vindicated by its ragged end . the war solved no problem . its effects , both immediate and indirect , were either negative or disastrous . morally subversive , economically destructive , socially degrading , confused in its causes , devious in its course , futile in its result , it is the outstanding example in european history of meaningless conflict . " 
software pos 951.txt i have been aware of naturallyspeaking for over 15 years . we initially utilized this software to assist people with severe disabilities such as cerebral palsy to be able to have basic commands understood . more recently five years ago i bought edition 4.0. i found it to be frustrating when ever there was any background noise so i basically quit using it . when i saw the 8.0 being advertised as the voice recognition software specifically for a small business atmosphere , i thought i would try it one more time . being a slow typist it has truly changed my life for the better . only 45 minutes were required to set up the speech-recognition files when the occasional mistakes occur during dictation if you correct those and change those right at that time , i never see that same misunderstanding happening again . i have recommended it to two friends who are buying it . it really does allow you to sit back in your chair relax , drink your coffee and dictate reports , answer e-mail or whenever it is you might need to do . i ca n't think of any $70 expenditure that has given me so much back in such a short time . i almost always have my headset on when i 'm in front of the computer because anything that involves typing or entering data i used the dragondictate to do 
dvd neg 464.txt why american production make hk movies look so cheap ? first of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look act so dumb by english dubb . always stick with original licensed hk release . be careful with cheap imports , boots , and bulls though 
music neg 823.txt the lady can sing , but her " christian " message is compromised because of her part in " chasing papi " , where she played a woman who - had she had the chance - would have hopped into bed with her on-screen boyfriend prior to marriage . it 's " crystal clear " to me that jaci broke my heart in a million pieces when she played that part . it 's really tragic to see such a beautiful young lady with such a opowerful voice and message now reduced to nothing more than a hypocritical wannabee , much in the same way that stacie orrico is now becoming.....and is it just me , or is it coincidence that these two womens ' album covers look strikingly similar ? it appears their paths in life are similar , too : compromising a message and a stand that once set them worlds apart . as with a recent review of orrico that i made , i 'll give jaci velasquez her due : she can sing , and what i mean by that is sing the roof off of a house ! this album was excellent.....was . now , whenever i think or hear of jaci velasquez , i can only think one word : hypocrite 
dvd pos 699.txt the scene where eric idle whines " oh , you 're no fun anymore ! " is a deceptive one . if anything , these guys are even more fun than before . the second half of monty python 's flying circus 's first season is even more polished and mad than the first , continuing the tradition of short skits focused on complete insanity . in these episodes , we have : a serial-killer barber ; lecherous art critics ; an unfortunate man who tries to eat a cathedral , tunnel to java and jump the english channel ; ken shabby , every girl 's dad 's nightmare ; thuggish old ladies ; bloodthirsty librarians who want to hire a gorilla ; camel-spotting ; and prime ministers falling through the earth 's crust . the longest and most bizarre skit is one where people mysteriously start turning into scotsmen and streaming north of the border . soon " scotland will be choked with scotsmen , " and england is pretty much abandoned . the culprits : tennis-playing , human-devouring blancmanges from the galaxy of andromeda . and , of course , the stuff that has become comedy legend : the scene where john cleese tries to return a dead parrot to a pet store ( " it 's a stiff ! bereft of life , it rests in peace ! " ) , and the lumberjack song ( " i cut down trees . i skip and jump / i like to press wild flowers / i put on women 's clothing / and hang around in bars.. . " ) . of course , no mere description can do justice to the comic brilliance of these dozens of skits . these five brits ( and one american , who did the little cartoons ) created some of the most unabashed , naughty , nasty , and just plain weird comedy ever , which still influences everything from saturday night live to author jasper fforde . and all of this by men who often dress up as the world 's most unattractive girls , with only a tiny budget and minimal cast . the 70s production values are omnipresent , and they are decidedly unpolitically correct . but in a weird way , these only make it even funnier than it would have been otherwise - - the writing and acting are pure , raw , unrefined comedy . probably the most memorable actors here are cleese and idle . cleese does his psychotic shrieks better than anyone , as well as having that rubbery lanky body and howling monkey voice . and eric idle does a good job as everyone from a housewife to a wannabe mountain climber , while michael palin does a brilliant job as people who are timid or insane . by this point , the monty python guys had polished up their skits and reached a steady plateau of comic brilliance . in other words , it 's funny and should be watched 
software pos 705.txt i was using other internet security programs in the past . all had their pros and cons . i decided to switch to pc-cillin 2006 home security pack and it is the best available ! . it has both virus and spyware protections built in . the scanning is quick and the updates are easy to get . plus this home security 3 pack is able to be installed on 3 computers , a bargain . all in all i am sold on this easy to use and comprehensive software product . i highly recommend this product to all ! amazon.com as usual had the best price 
dvd neg 427.txt i 'm not going to comment on the episodes because almost all of them can be found on the season 1 & 2 box sets , which is how you 're better off seeing them ( at least they 're in order and paired together with the proper companion episodes ) . instead i will be focusing on the bonus features . not the violent femmes music video , because that too can be found on the season 1 box set , but on the cast and crew interviews that make up the rest of the bonus features . i love the interviews and the " in studio " voice recording re-enactments , but i *hate* how every piece of this great footage is ruined because someone thought it would be a great idea to cover up almost the entire screen with a bubble graphic frame . you can only see the video through a small round part of the middle of your tv screen , and even then it is n't clear as there 's a bubble " shine " over it . i 'd love for paramount / nick to include all of the original , non-bubblefied footage on the season 3 box set , even though most of the episodes are for seasons 1 and 2 
camera neg 745.txt i purchased the camera in mid june 2006. after 1 month / 1 hr of recording the screen went black when in recording mode . it took the shop about 7 week to fix the problem . i used the camera to record another 20 minutes and now it does not want to focus to infinite . the recording now flickers a lot and a dot appears floating around the screen . this camera has been in the shop more time than in my hands . the store were i bought it said that it would give me a new camera if this happends for the thrid time . the only problem is that if this is a design problem , what do i get by getting a new camera ? just avoid buying this camera until they fix the problem 
dvd neg 242.txt how could mr. cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody ? the production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos , but the script and dialogue are so banal , the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another . ( including leo , who was so good in " what 's eating gilbert grape ? " in 1993 when i did n't yet know who he was , i thought he was really a cute little retarded kid.. . yet in " titanic " , there 's just nothing there- - - or nothing permitted ) . talk about a ship wreck ! ! only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying oscar wins / nominations . 
dvd neg 876.txt paycheck is a disappointing and sometimes frustrating film because it clumsily toys with a number of potentially brilliant ideas without really knowing what to do with them . these key concepts come courtesy of philip k . dick , via his original short story , though the film poorly represents the themes and conceits that have made his stories into unforgettable classics . as a thriller , paycheck depends upon our identification with its imperiled hero , but the movie is never able to make us truly care about ben affleck 's michael jennings or his fragile state of mind , and that 's something dick would have found unforgivable . only uma thurman really earns her paycheck here . the premise is high concept , and the prophetic threat is revealed to be of apocalyptic proportion , but paycheck is never more than a pedestrian action film spun from chains of meaningless chase sequences and flat fight scenes . the future world created by john woo is n't nearly as engaging or convincing as , say , the captivating science fiction setting crafted by stephen spielberg for another high-profile dick adaptation , minority report . for paycheck , the comparison is not flattering . sadly , woo ca n't even keep himself from forcing his own creative preoccupations into the film , and a resulting motorcycle chase sequence is outright uninspired and may represent the film 's low . some scenes are enjoyable , and there are fleeting flashes of wit and excitement , but much of what unfolds seems inappropriately conceived or placed . paycheck is n't a smart film and , what 's more , it sometimes assumes that its audience is n't even paying attention . as a result , the film never comes close to living up to its potential . the material and the audience deserve better . unfortunately , paycheck is forgettable fare and , truly , it is without any real payoff . - -brian a . dixon revelation magazin 
dvd pos 421.txt my husband received this dvd for his birthday . my husband grew up with the pittsburg steelers and still today is a true fan . as a family we all sat and watched this wonderful dvd on the steelers and all of us enjoyed it very much . it goes back to the begining of time for the steelers , it shows the superbowls and how the steel curtin got it 's name . if you love the steelers then this 2 dvd set is a must have . you will not be disappointed 
camera pos 415.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
health pos 431.txt i did n't have any trouble with them being too large . i tested them in a battery-operated light string against a no-name , non-rechargeable brand and they lasted almost exactly the same amount of time . 
health pos 196.txt read the reviews and picked the elephant for my 17m old child 's nusery . i absolutely love it . before this , my son could not sleep well with our " family 's " humiifier because it was too noisy . within an hour of bringing this home , it was set up ( very easily ) and he took one of many 2 1 / 2 hour naps that week ! no filters , no noise , no problems thus far ! i did have it on high for the first 20 mins and found a puddle of water underneath , but the humidifier was near a window , and i am asumming there was a draft that may have directed the steam toward the dresser top . ( the problem was resolved once moved unto a different surfacetop ) filling it is a snap and the very fine mist ( looked like small stream of fog ) was a pleasure to see out of the trunk of the animal ! the tank seems to last longer than the box states . it is on it 's third day on a low / med setting and it still only has a 3 inch difference at the top . i love the safety features and i do n't have to worry about the tank still on if it 's empty since it has an automatic shut off ! the light is not a problem since he likes to have a tiny bit of light in his room . it is a design that will last thoughout his childhood ! thank you crane ! 
health pos 171.txt it is not one of the stain removers , which instantly gets rid of the stain . so when you spill over something over your t-shirt , you got to spill this tide stain remover on it as well so it does make sure that your cloth wouldnt be clogged with stain but its not an immedieate relief solution 
books neg 54.txt john updike 's literary criticism is perceptive and sparely written - every one of his non-fiction collections is worth reading . but his novels have , from the very first , been precious , over-written and stifling in their desperate need for approbation . when he writes fiction , he 's like a dog doing tricks for reward . and certainly , the rewards have come . but for readers outside the us at least , it 's all a little mystifying . john cheever was a far better writer , yet his work seems somehow to be regarded by americans as the lesser canon . time will correct this mistake , no doubt , but in the meantime updike pours out ever more cloying and over-heated work like this . if i still have your attention , let me recommend the ' collected stories ' of john cheever . updike could only dream of writing prose like that . 
software neg 594.txt no support . you have to pay $9.95 to send an email support question . still cannot print annotations in pdf files that you create . there is a workaround . nuance should change their name to nuisance . i hope that someone comes up with an alternative 
camera pos 592.txt the gs150 's performance is as-advertised . terrific colour rendering , thanks to its 3-chip configuration . the camera also has the option of full manual control of standard settings , making it even more usable . love the joystick ! still find it hard to believe that panasonic has managed to fit all of this performance into such a small package . final score : engineering 1 , customer service 0 early production runs of this camera seem to have a shielding problem , which causes faint , red , horizontal bands to appear when recording in very low light conditions . despite the fact this has been widely ( if unofficially ) reported by gs150 owners around the world , these same owners have noted that panasonic customer service generally denies that the problem exists . thankfully , the problem is easily repaired by a certified technician . better still , gs150 owners seem to have collectively deciphered that units manufactured from september 2005 onward are alright . look for cameras with serial numbers beginning with ' h5 ' or higher . you can also read all about this at pana3ccduser dot com 
software neg 728.txt i have used norton virus protection and norton internet security for several years . i am currently running nis 2006. my experience with these products has not been good but out of fear i just renewed my subscription . since then i have had nothing but trouble with nis . since my renewal is within the grace period i decided to request a refund . i tried to do this on-line but found it an impossible waste of effort . their web site and support are as useless as their product . from norton internet security i clicked on support linked to their web site . once there , i tried to apply for a refund but their system did not recognize my subscription renewal order number . it did recognize my product order number for nis 2006 but that is not refundable so no help there . i gave up on requesting a refund and decided to contact support . if you click on " contact us " there are 2 options , telephone or email . telephone support was down because of an earthquake in taiwan . i decided to try email . i clicked on email and got the following security alert : there is a problem with this website 's security certificate . the security certificate presented by this website has expired or is not yet valid . security certificate problems may indicate an attempt to fool you or intercept any data you send to the server . we recommend that you close this webpage and do not continue to this website . click here to close this webpage . continue to this website ( not recommended ) . how ironic is that ? i know i was on their site because i navigated there by clicking on support in nis . you would think an internet security company could maintain their own security certificates . i 'm not surprised though because everything symantec does is designed to make you hate them . their product is abysmal . it bogs my system down to a crawl , disrupts the performance of other applications and hogs system resources . if you put nis on your computer you 'd better get used to staring at the hourglass icon for long periods of time , especially if you do n't have tons of virtual memory and hard disk space available . nortons ccapp retards start up forever and wo n't shut down when you want to log off . recently i had to reinstall my windows xp operating system . after that i had major problems with nis and had to uninstall it . it was then i realized how much better my system ran without it . i had already paid my renewal fee so i downloaded and reinstalled nis and have had nothing but trouble since . i tried to leave feedback on symantecs web site but typical of them , that does not work either . i wrote a long complaint , then clicked on submit . an error message came up saying to go back and correct the highlighted areas . when i clicked the back button all the text i had typed in was gone.. . just because i had failed to enter a subject line in the feedback report . i 'll be damned if i was about to type all that information back in again . if you buy nis you 'd better hope it works the first time . if you think your going to get good support from symantec or anything out of their website - think again . oh , and btw beware , symantec enrolls you for automatic renewal unless you go to their website and un-enroll . once they have your money just try to get it back . symantec sets up road blocks so you eventually just give up in frustration . this is how they make their money rather than by making a good product . 
books pos 834.txt this book contains the childhood memoirs of peter reich . as the son of psychoanalyst wilhelm reich , peter led a bizarre life . he lived with his parents on the family estate of orgonon in the backwoods of maine . not only did his father develop a unique form of psychotherapy , but he also was a theorist who experimented with unknown forms of energy . as wilhelm 's only child , peter was one of the first recipients of reich 's therapy methods , which involved special forms of touch , energy channeling , " softening the stomach " , and inducing vomiting ( in peter 's account ) . peter was also made lieutenant in his father 's defensive squad that protected the earth from ufo attacks through the use of " accumulator guns " . the elder reich eventually got in trouble with the fda for manufacturing and promoting medical equipment without proper testing for safety and effectiveness . the court case involving his work eventually landed him in jail through contempt of court . not long after being sent to prison , he passed away , apparently of heart failure . upon his father 's death , peter found himself at the tender age of 13 forced to confront his father 's legacy of brilliance and madness . up until the time of his father 's death , he had believed everything his father told him , not knowing enough of contemporary scientific theories to understand how different his father 's version of reality was from most other people 's , nor having established an identity of his own through which he could objectively choose between his father 's explanations and standard scientific approaches . in this book , peter tries to sort out for himself what is real and what is not , what is his , and what is his father's . the book reads like the proverbial onion-chapters move in a dreamlike fashion from one period of time to another . sometimes it 's hard to tell if what peter is describing actually took place , or whether it was all an imaginative game in his head . by the end of the book , the reader will have some inkling of the confusion in peter 's mind , but , like peter , may not be capable of saying what really happened . in any case , this is very much a book about peter reich , and not wilhelm reich , although readers who want to learn more about wilhelm reich may find some clues to his ideas through the interpretation of his son , who experienced them first hand and without question 
health neg 437.txt i got the fusion razor in the mail a few weeks ago so i decided to give it a try . at first it seemed ok , but i started noticing that it pulled at the hair on my face more than my mach 3 turbo . i decided to experiment and shave half of my face with a mach 3 turbo and the other half with the fusion . from my experience , the mach 3 turbo gave a closer shave , and glided much smoother across my skin than the fusion . i think the 5 blades on the fusion are more of a gimmick than anything else . and as cool as the single trimming blade is , it seems like gillette had to include this because of the poor accuracy of having 5 blades . in other words , the single blade is a fix rather than a feature . my call is if your using a mach 3 turbo , do n't waste your money on the fusion 
health neg 725.txt i explected the microdermabrasion head to rotate , but instead it vibrates very strongly in your hand . my hands are still buzzing from the night before when i used this product . i would not recommend this product to anyone else , i loved the crystals cream . 
dvd pos 30.txt i read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards . a few of the characters were switched around , but i was so impressed with the adaptation . a thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when mr. arnold 's arm drops on ellie 's shoulder as she 's trying to turn the generator back on , for example . there have been countless lines i 've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times , due to my obsession . and after watching it more than 25 times , i 've come to appreciate it more . great cast - sam neil is my favorite . richard attenborough is a little too cute and nice , but i liked his white clothing , the hat , and the amber cane . wayne knight was incredible as nedry , the slob . he 's as likeable as ever , though somewhat the villain . i always hate it when he dies . jeff goldblum fit the description of ian malcom from crichton 's novel well . crichton sparked my interest in chaos theory , sometimes called the butterfly effect . i am a firm believer in it . and of course , in the novel and film , malcolm was right . " life finds a way.. . " ( in chaos theory , the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions , and " random " - -unpredictable- - events result from the " normal " equation / setup , because there is never a fixed set of outcomes ; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity . hammond thought his system was without error , that he was in complete control . he believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female , but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian dna that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur dna . this dna gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce , " survive , " in a single-sex environment . and it turned out that hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought , and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals . ) love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet . we watched the mr. dna segment in a high school biology class . i 've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated ( though i found mr. hammond 's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour ? ) . the kids were kind of annoying . i did n't notice this until i was a little older , but lex ( " i prefer to be called a hacker " ) uses silicon graphics ' 3d file system navigator to turn power back on in the park . their logo is on the monitor . if only unix were as popular as windows is now.. . anyway , the soundtrack was classic - it was the first cd i bought , back in the mid-90s . tonya harding skated to the theme at the 1994 olympics , or some other competition . i only liked her because of her excellent music choice 
camera pos 197.txt this can be a very easy to use camera . simply by using the auto mode and composing your pictures properly you can get very good jpeg images . it also can be about as complicated as you want to make it . it has many advanced features on it . i have been shooting 35mm for about 32 years . my most recent before this one being an elan ii e about 7 years ago . it 's still working also . the 30d is my first digital and i absolutely love the camera . i generally work in the aperture priority mode with a tripod at 100 iso when shooting landscape . but , the camera is very capable in auto mode as well without the tripod . i like to shoot raw so that i can tweek things a bit , but the jpeg images are very acceptable . it also works extremely well for portraits . it actually is better than the 35mm to me because it has very low noise even at higher isos . 1600 looks about like 800 film to me . this is a very good value for the money in my opinion 
dvd neg 619.txt okay , the rating above is not going to be liked but i have to be truthful . the only good thing going for this movie was the return of " snake plissken " . this film 's plot was essentially a rehash of the original " escape from new york " ...a bit more special effects ( which in fact , did not make this a better movie ) ... when i go to a sequel i expect to get what i paid for a totally new adventure with the same character / characters . kurt russell 's character is older and even more in the know of what the rewards are before he is offered them . obviously the movie does n't really know where it 's going as it takes two scenes ( 15 minutes of the film ) ( 1st scene - president , commandant , and lackey give snake the mission ) ( 2nd scene - commandant and lackey brief snake before he leaves for the mission ) to explan to the audience what 's the basic conflict . i guess either carpenter or russell are just getting too old to take a great leap and recount either an earlier snake plissken adventure or an adventure well worth telling. . i also wish to comment that this disc has no special features besides a movie trailer.. . " carpenter....russell ! " please do n't tell me " money " caused you to revisit a " cult figure " ! some redeeming qualities are the acting performances of cliff robertson , stacy keach , steve buscemi , and pam grier . robertson , keach , and grier may be old but they can sure make you believe in their characters ! sorry , snake... . " i do n't love l.a. " the-big-green-pointy-eared-one ! 
music neg 819.txt if you want the original recordings , do n't purchase any volume of television 's greatest hits . i 've had better luck recording the songs off of my tv with a cassette tape recorder and then dehissing them on my pc . these collections have sterile sounding fake stereo recordings of " the beverly hillbillies " and " the munsters " that just do n't sound right to me . if the original recordings do n't matter to you , then you may like this cd 
software pos 721.txt if you find imovie complicated , this product is not for you . if you prefer automatic quick solutions this product may not be for you . if you find that you would like more control of your video / audio than you find in imovie but do n't want to spend a lot of money , boy have you come to the right place . i take quite a lot of home video ( new baby and all ) and found that imovie would frustrate me when i could n't do some more advanced tasks . imovie is a great intro product . if you are new to video , use it until you find that you feel limited ( many will never will get to that point ) . when ( and if ) you find that you feel some constraints in imovie , then move up to fce . a note for most , imovie and fce typically are not for dvd / hard drive camcorders . they do n't have the output necessary to directly connect . you may want to check with your camcorder manufacturer to see what they have to convert the dvd / hd to content that is usuable in these products 
music neg 441.txt i loved shedaisy 's first album the whole shebang . and i also really enjoy their christmas albumn . they have beautiful voices and i love the three part harmonies they come up with . i was very excited to get their newest album but i was sure dissapointed . this is a very dark and depressing album . almost every song is about lost love . also , all the songs but 1 are slow . where is the upbeat shedaisy i fell in love with ? ? ? i would suggest passing this one up and instead just listening to the whole shebang again . still , i look forward to what the future may bring from them . these sisters have alot of talent 
software pos 399.txt have used taxcut for years and this version does not disappoint . the import of previous year data worked well and my tax return was quickly prepared 
software neg 260.txt this game was a little too hard for my tastes . despite the fact that i played at the junior level i managed to get killed shortly after starting out . i also had to restart the game to figure out what my room number was because once i left the room i could n't find my way back ( all the corridors look alike ) . so far i 've fallen down an elevator shaft , gotten caught breaking and entering , been crushed by an elevator , frozen to death and been hit over the head...i 've got to ask is this really appropriate for children 
dvd neg 698.txt -not a great one here , entertaining for all the wrong reasons , mainly because the film is so bad , so often . -it is nice to see christina ricci in a movie again , as she 's usually good even in a bad movie and does n't do too bad here . -wes craven directs this one and i could tell right away it must have been do to a contract obligation ( much like edward norton in " the italian job " ) . i could tell this because very little effort seemed to be put into the script , both the story and lines of dialogue were very predictable and dumb . also very little effort seemed to be put into the effects , as they were very lousy at times , especially when they finally showed the werewolf . -as i said before , quite predictable the story was , both ricci and her brother get bitten by a werewolf after they try to save a girl who got into a car wreck . then both try to figure out what 's wrong with them , though the brother is much more active about it than ricci . -it 's also quite obvious who the main werewolf was , the film tries a bit of a swerve , but it does n't really work . -besides ricci , the cast includes shannon elizabeth ( american pie 1&2 ) , portia de rossi ( arrested development ) , joshua jackson ( pacey on " dawson 's creek " ) , scott baio ( do n't ask me why ) among others . all do pretty poor jobs , besides ricci that is , the rest do n't really seem to care , not that i blame them that is . -there is some humor throughout the film , but a lot of the film will get unintentional laughs from those who watch it . -the only reason to watch this is to make fun of it as the effort is not really there by mostly anybody on the cast or crew . 
camera pos 631.txt this is my second digital camera . although it does so much more than my first , it is much easier to operate . i especially love the fact that i can video my grandson 's baseball game , and then convert individule frames to photos ( jpeg ) with great quality . i have a series of photos with him getting a hit . it looks great ! thanks for a great product . ralp 
music neg 954.txt what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned . 
camera neg 981.txt while the everio will work on a mac , it is with jvc 's movie program . it is not imovie ready . there is a very strange " work around " involving dvdrop that will make it work . not very pleased with what i feel is misleading information about compatibility with mac 
camera pos 321.txt this handy little tool is a must have for not just nikon owners , but all camera owners . a genius of design and function , i would whole-heartedly urge every person with a camera to buy one , or many , asap 
music pos 277.txt i owned the album as a kid.......i enjoy it as much now as i did then 
software neg 244.txt the only redeeming quality about this gps system is that it 's cheap . i used it on a 1 , 000 mile trip on the east coast the week after i got it . the navigation is poor . i found that i often had to look over to the laptop screen because i was " off route " so often due to the poor maps . the system repeated the same annoying problems that i see in other feedback . 1 ) the unit would show me being off the road even though i was on an interstate . in this case it would continually recalculate the route and diretc me to take exits to get off the highway and circle around . 2 ) it directed me to make turns onto one-way streets in the wrong direction . 3 ) it could not locate a poi that turned out to be a few hundred yards away 4 ) it often did not know the correct side of the road for my destination 5 ) it does n't provide a chime when it 's time for a turn . it will tell you the turn is a half-mile ahead , but that might be the last time you hear an instruction . 6 ) in one case , it got me to my destination ( at least close enough ) but could n't guide me back to my starting point . the gps receiver seemed to acquire and hold the satellite signal well . but the maps are poor , as is the verbal instruction - it sounds like a 1980 's computer generated voice . if you 're looking for a trustworthy guide in unfamiliar areas - this is n't it . this is going back asap . 
books pos 439.txt excellent book , a good guide to improve project managemen 
health neg 130.txt old spice is a great-smelling cologne and i 've worn it for years . my dad wore it when i was growing up and i remember he almost always smelled of it . it 's a great cologne for lean , athletic guys who love retro ; it 's been around for decades and is a classic for masculine men . it takes a certain type of guy to pull off wearing the stuff . the smell really draws attention to a guy so he better keep his body hard and fit if he wants that type of attention , otherwise he 'll just be annoying . old spice cologne actually smells better if you let it age in the bottle for a long time ; exposing it to heat helps to age it ( leave a bottle in the car or attic in the summertime or outside in your tool building ) . trust me , it smells awesome if you let it age . i meant to rate this a five star but hit the wrong toggle . i 'm proud to say i 'm carrying on the tradition of wearing old spice cologne . it 's not nerdy and it 's not just for older men . it 's a cologne for any masculine guy . it smells great 
camera pos 629.txt i purchased this bag to carry my hp photosmart digital camera and photo printer along with , 100pk 4 " x 6 " photo paper , power cord and two chargers that each hold 4 aa batteries , and i still have room left . i 'm very pleased 
software neg 531.txt downloaded the new mcafee software . my computer is now slowed over 90% of the speed of a snail - both with aol and internet explorer . mcafee customer service is of no value whatever . mcafee faq describes a very dangerous fix which involves editing the registry file but even those instructions do n't seem to work as described . what a mistake 
books neg 954.txt blind items has the same writing style as at least one of rettenmund 's other books ( boy culture ) . he goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs . kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the sunday magazine section of your newspaper . if you like this writing style , rettenmund 's books may be for you . personally it drove me crazy and i set the book down after the first few chapters 
camera neg 746.txt this camera has major problems . do your research . go to any digital camera forums and you will see tons of post of the " black screen " . after using our camera about 5 times the screen became black . apparently had to do with defective lens housing or something . sent it to their customer care service . took 1 month to get back . 3 days later black screen is back . sanyo is doing everything they can to prevent me from getting money back or get new camera . they just want me to keep sending to customer . care . sanyo has a very defective product and they do not want to admit their mistake and replace the defective cameras . see for yourself . go to the forums and see what others have been saying . do n't make the mistake i did 
dvd neg 345.txt awful...truly awful . joanne sellar and daniel lupi ( producers of boogie nights and hard eight ) should be ashamed of themselves and so should the weinsteins for producing this piece of crap 
health pos 576.txt this is an exceptional value for an exceptional dryer . i have paid alot more for more well known , brand named dryers . i have long thick hair and this product dries my hair in half the time other dryers have done in the past . buy this hair dryer , you wo n't be sorry 
software neg 8.txt imagine that you know so little about a computer that you would n't even be here reading this review . these discs are for your grandmother who still has the corded , dial , yellow wall phone . if you are a recent ( one hour ago ) immigrant from a sixth world country , and you need to forward the " burger king christmas song " , well , then you 're already ahead of these " learning " cds . ( my apologies to grandmothers with corded , dial , yellow wall phones ) . ( actually , i kinda wish i had one ! ) regards , older but no smarter 
books neg 421.txt save your time , money and patience . this may be the worst book i have read since the equally monotonous , predictable stone barrington novel " the short forever " . wow , this one stinks . like others , i put up with the shallow characters , ludicrous dialogue and endless parade of showers , boobs and guns to figure out whodunit . unfortunately , this book had an ambiguous ending that seeks to be clever but is instead is just stupid . who on earth did kill vance ? and come to think of it , who gives a damn ? i do n't what women did to stuart woods but he sure seems to hold them in complete contempt . every female character , save for isabel the maid , felt compelled to practically rape our handsome hero . each is flawless and gorgeous but also all are dumb , vacuous , self-centered and thoroughly unlikeable - hey a couple are even truly psychotic ! the only normal female character who spared stone , mary ann , unfortunately has a room temperature iq . i am hardly a prude , but i lost count of how many women either vance or stone made love to in the course of one short novel and felt the need to take a long hot shower to rid myself of the feelings of filth . mr. woods either lives in a world of complete ignorance or the reading public is a lot less discriminating than i thought 
music neg 422.txt i heard stories about michelle branch before trying out her music . and i was electrified to find out that there is still a young , honest and rock-ish female artist out there working her way up . first off all , i 'd like to say i wish to remain objective to all other listeners ' opinion , so yup...criticism is welcomed . i 'd like to let people know what kind of a viewer is writing this particular review too . basically , my main influences are bon jovi , the goo goo dolls and elo . i 'm a 17-year-old male . hotel paper is one big step for michelle . she evidentally matured her music between " spirit room " and this . michelle is pretty much at the state where she ca n't really make big steps on her own . and that 's why i think her authorities are limiting her potentials by pushing her to mainstream . like the fact that she wrote so many catchy , boring and good-to-sell singles that wo n't last and are only appealing to listerners on the shallow side . although some of her songs made me perfectly convinced that she can write decent music . ( tuesday morning , drop in the ocean , hotel paper ) some peeps are saying how michelle is n't quite a super songwriter nor a guitarist . i agree . imo , many of her riffs are boring and unoriginal . even a noob guitarist like me could tell . but afterall , it 's pop , so that 's inevitable . but she could do much much better than that . her lyrics are ok since she does n't write no emo nor punk junk , but a lot of complaining and childish relationships . most are ok though . what i 'm saying is , she most definetly has her own style...but sadly , it 's surpressed at an extent where it 's irritating and makes me feel like killing those studio dudes that are spending way too much time laying their hands on michelle 's music . nevertheless , just because michelle is young and writes her own songs and plays the " guitar " , does n't mean you gotta try her music out . but sadly , that 's exactly how a lot of people out there got attracted . i believe it 's more about how you like the music . i ca n't stress the fact that michelle is a musician with great potential and future . but to me , it seems like she 's throwing those away for popularity . one good example is , as prolly you 've already heard...the posing for a men 's magazine named m- -- -. whatever she was thinking , it really crushed my impressions on michelle...the cute musical lady she used to be....and the terrible decision of forming a pseudo-country rock band with her friend . michelle is talented and hella good compared to the other you-know-who female artists , but let 's get real here...she has a long way to go . she most certainly is capable of going far and i really do hope one day i 'll be listening to her matured and true music . afterall , imo , it 's only the matter of time before she surpasses amanda marshall on my list . i really hope michelle could get out of this situation and unchain from this game the studio peeps are playing on her and make every song and every note the way she always wants to . " tuesday morning " 3.5 / 5 " hotel paper " 4 / 5 the rest are just mediocre 
music pos 831.txt although each track is beautiful in it 's own way , it 's their sum that makes this such an incredible album in my mind . where felt mountain remained rather mellow and etheral thruought the entire album , black cherry offers more in the way of diverse melodies and tempo . the tracks seem to be placed specifically in a way that makes the album feel like a journey , and , personally , like a lay 's potato chip , not able to listen to just one....yeah , i need the whole thing. . 
health neg 415.txt i 've had this for about a month , and i 've used it less than 6 times . even though i 've carefully handwashed it , and merely wiped off the ice ring , the ice ring has sprung a leak ( ewww , blue liquid on my celery ! ! ) . the lid is difficult to snap on / remove . the center container / lid is really too tall for its diameter , which makes using it for dipping rather awkward 
camera neg 592.txt terrible product . printer jams repeatedly or paper never feeds properly . i 've had a replacement sent and the same thing happens . even though i have printed less than 50 photos with this replacement , which i have had less than a year , kodak support says it cannot be fixed by me and i need to have it serviced by them for 80 bucks . a new one sells for $99 and the price is dropping fast . i told kodak support i would not send it back to them , spending 80 dollars would be like flushing money down the toilet or taking a stick in the eye . i further notified kodak that i would instead send it to the place it belongs - a land fill . also , i 've heard that the recommended fix ( which does not work , by the way ) , unplugging the unit to reset , will cause the color cartridge light to illuminate prematurely . with the cost of paper and cartridges , this last insult makes this printer one to avoid . 1 star because when it does print the prints look good , but , man , the aggravation to get this thing to work correctly is not worth any price . rushed to the market place without enough reliability testing on an unsuspecting public . total junk from a venerable name desperate for a hit product . 
software pos 61.txt there are complaints about win xp sp2 being too expensive or complaints about technical problems . it is too expensive , but it is the standard at so many companies , big and small , around the world . i just wanted to say that anyone who gives windows xp sp2 a one star rating really does n't understand much about the windows operating system , and therefore you should not take into consideration their uneducated opinion about operating systems in general . the price is a bit high , but windows is what it is.. . a dominant operating system 
books neg 955.txt my paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days ! it is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is , does it 
camera neg 345.txt i bought three of these - - one for myself and one for each pair of grandparents . two of them stopped working . one of the two had tons of bad pixels and the other one just stopped . unfortunately , out of the warranty period ! and inquiry to the manufacturer has been ignored . i 'm out a lot of money for this garbage . do not waste your money on this garbage ! ! ! ! 
music pos 703.txt my 8-month-old son and i listen to this cd every night , and by the pachelbel canon ( track 7 ) he 's usually sound asleep . it is not all synthesizer . the jacket clearly states that the " music box orchestra " includes flute , piano , cello , percussion , english horn , and oboe . as a musician , i am not offended by the " easy-listening " versions of these classics . in fact , i enjoy them . they introduce my son to the timeless melodies without overstimulating him at bedtime . i find them relaxing too 
dvd pos 472.txt there ca n't be a better storyteller than teddy ruxpin . as i child i was enthralled with this animated story and would impatiently play with my toy teddy ruxpin as i waited for saturday morning to come again so i could see another episode of the tv series . this show has a clear progression of plot development that starts right from episode one . so many cartoons are just one-shots , an individual small plot for each episode . teddy ruxpin was an epic adventure that caught you up and carried you along for a fantastic adventure ! along the way , kids learn important morals , values , and a lot about their own world . this is a fantastic cartoon to share with children of any age . and what a great price ! well worth it ! 
books pos 211.txt when one begins to despair about the quality ( or lack thereof ) of the modern novel you come across a gem which dispels that despair for the time being . not only is this one a gem but also it is something much more and being just over 240 pages one that i finished all too quickly . i could not get enough of it . the narrator and main character of the novel is a mr. stevens who is the butler of a mansion where he heads a considerable compliment of staff to keep it running smoothly . his employer , a lord darlington , is doing what he can to alleviate some of the supposed harsher terms of the versailles treaty and realizes too late that he was being used as a pawn by the germans . and what did mr. stevens think of this ? he did n't , he maintains that wondering about what was happening would have interfered with his running of the estate . there is also the head housekeeper that he buts heads with a few times and also a few other instances which makes one wonder if she has something other that a professional interest in mr. stevens . you 'll have to read the book if you want to know more . i read mainly victorian literature simply because they are well written and what passes for a novel nowadays usually is not . if you get this book you will not be sorry . 
music neg 602.txt i 'm sorry to vent on the stylistics , certainly others are guilty of this , but $33 to get all the stylistics hits is way too expensive . sorry , love the stylistics , and the spinners too ( whose double cd anthology is around $30 too ) . why is something like lionel richie and the commodores 2cd gold $13.99 ? oh well.. . i 'll wait 
camera neg 226.txt i had just recently bought this camera , and it was ok . the quaility of the pictures was pretty ok . i couldnt really understand it , and what really stinks is that i lost the stupid cd that comes with it and now i cant install it . overall i would say that the camera is a stinky peice of junk . now im begging my parent to buy me a reall digital camera ! ! not a peice of crap . 
books pos 104.txt i read this book several months ago , and i still ca n't shake the feeling of having read a very , very good book . the effect of yourcenar 's words still lingers . the text is an imagined valedictory letter or speech from emperor hadrian to his successor . the emperor himself is dying , and faces a world that he is about to leave behind . he recalls his life , from being a young boy in his native spain , to his ascension to the highest public post imaginable , that of emperor of rome . just as his professional career was incredible , so is the generosity and candidness of his " confession " . there is seemingly no secret nook left untouched from his personal life . in the end , having cast that final weight , his conscience , from off his shoulders , the emperor is at last able to turn away from one world and face another - that of the gods . 
software pos 834.txt i bought this product because i had tried with great success another punch product . it was so easy to use and load onto my computer . it was a great value to be able to have one product that allows me to redesign anything from interior floors and walls , to my deck and plants outside 
health neg 388.txt i bought this for my lower back . i am pregnant now and my back keeps getting achy and goes out from time to time . it is great because it actually wraps all the way around to the back of my hips giving my entire lower back the heat without having to switch it from one side to the other . however , the inner pad bunches up tremendously . i have used it for a few weeks now , and have to take the cover off to " open " the pad back up by stretching it out again . it has n't gone back to the original shape . if i had known it would do this , i would have never purchased it . 
software neg 831.txt the problem with this game starts with the introductury movie.. . it develops slowly , goes on forever , suffers from disconnected animation and does little to set up the ridiculous premise for game play . once game play finally does start , my child found the games boring and the transitions between the games tediously slow . cute characters...zero edutainment . it was consigned to the dustbin by the end of the day 
software neg 428.txt the new look is very nice . but , when you install , you have also to keep the previous version ( in well behaved software , automatically the previous version is cleaned.. . not here ) . the system of validation of license through internet for the physical machine is fine , i just hope that i will not have a disk crash and then waste time to be authorised to re-install a product that i rightfully paid ( and at such a price ) . well , make sure you : - do not try to de-install 5 , 5 after the install of cs2 ( or bye-bye the license ) - have a clean and robust backup of your installation... . i am not sure i will make the next upgrade... . 
software neg 886.txt be careful - if you buy this version of symantec antivirus for handhelds - it will not work with microsoft mobile 2005. supposedly symantec antivirus for handhelds . version 3.5 will work with mobile 2005 
books neg 4.txt i admit , i have n't finished this book . a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia . i was interested in reading a book about women 's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards , interest in astrology and angels . granted , i am not a firm believer in just " the hard facts " but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense is n't alternative enough for her ! 
health pos 838.txt i ordered this walker for my father a few months ago and am well-pleased . it is much less expensive than comparable walkers . the cushioned seat and basket are handy for long " trips " and the wheels roll smoothly even over grassy areas . a good buy for someone looking for a quality walker . even ships for free 
dvd neg 360.txt ok , i 'm a scifi fan . i read the scifi reviews and thought this was really a movie for me , and it really was good right up to the end . just one problem , they forgot to write the end . what happened ? did they run out of money ? did the writer write himself into a corner ? there was no climax , conclusion , or resolution . you can argue till you are blue in the face about " pan & scan . " i prefer movies with an ending . if you are looking for a great unfinished story , this one is for you 
music neg 76.txt now , if we 're being completely honest and true to the stats this album is killing the charts , but maybe just because people are lowering their standards . besides , the fact that i dont like this girl because she is just too rough around the edges , this cd is no " dangerously in love " . where beyonce 's sultry vocals and powerhouse notes highlight her entire album , cole 's raspy voice and sometime-y pitch concern me . aside from the obvious car banger " i just want it to be over " and the wildly popular " love " ( which cole butchers when singing live by the way ) , nothing here surprises me . like i said , you can call me a hater , but with women like beyonce and fantasia around cole 's fire will probably be put out soon 
books pos 721.txt finally a book to deal with all those nasty pathetic ignorant people . i bought this book as i wanted a way to get even with morons i deal with day in & day out . this book has been a godesend to me . all i can say is thankyou robert m bramson for wrting this book . everybody who deals with people should buy this book . excellent for office workers customer services and whoever thinks they need it . buy it 
dvd pos 739.txt this is a good introduction to many off the beaten paths of america . in fact , the real star of the show , asie from the ubiquitous red ford taurus , is the scenery of america itself . the camera and narrator takes the viewers to many places that have unique characteristics . unfortunately there is no interaction with the locals so we do not get a truely complete coverage of each scene , but the point of the series is to give a " reader 's digest " view of places people can visit . but excellent photography and the knack for finding out of the way events are the hallmark of this series . each " trip " is actually a roundabout path that is really serveral " family vacations " combined into a one hour program . this is a great cure for cabin fever in the midst of a winter snowstorm 
camera pos 588.txt i had been searching web site after web site for a system like this . i finally found a site where i could purchase seperate parts for a comparable system . however , the receivers alone were more than this unit ( if you wanted a receiver compatible with a plasma ) . this works great . could not be easier to install . all components are in my basement . i ran the eye through the wall and have the eye barely exposed through a single cable face plate , with the blue led light taped to the back of the plate . the blue light still shines through the faceplate , which is perfect . the faceplate is just below my wall mounted plasma set . no interference . this set up allows me to use this system at just about any angle in the room and the adjacent kitchen . works great with a basic $20 all in one ir remote . also , the customer service is like no other . i had several questions and each e-mail was answered by the next day with great help . made this purchase a no brainer . this is one product that far exceeded my expectations even after reading all the great reviews . i highly recomend this product . 
software pos 189.txt purchased for my mom to use and she loves it . she says it is easy to use and she really enjoys making personalized cards for people . if she 's happy with it , so am i 
books neg 856.txt people have been trying for years to prove that the founding cause of the universe is natural occuring harmonies . these theories are usually the occult disguising itself as science . if these theories are correct there needs to be a ' fundamental ' frequency ( a demiurge style ' god of harmony ' ) to begin the resonance . no such thing exists - see scientific american , august 2005 ' is the universe out of a tune ? 
music pos 322.txt guys , if you 've got feelings for tim , you 're gonna love this one . if you know anything about honest to god country music , this is what you look for . this guy is extremely good and his music fits 
dvd neg 385.txt i must be missing something , i bought this movie.. . when i watched it i fell asleep , its boring as hell trust me im a true horror fan and a gore-fiend , this movie was nothing , the only gore was when this guy cut some lady in the heart and it looked so fake... . the only scary part was the end with this witch , is everyone high but me ? this movie sucked ! boring as hell. . 2 stars 
software neg 257.txt talk about junk ! no search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , yuk ! 
health neg 637.txt this is easily the worst beard trimmer i 've used . it slips and cuts hair much shorter than anticipated , and the teeth on the guard are far too fine 
health pos 220.txt very classy scent . very strong . spray sparingly , a little goes a long way . lasts all day . will receive many compliments 
dvd pos 194.txt i loved this dvd set ! grew up watching it..and remember running home after school to catch each days episodes . watching this set transported me back to another time , when things were peaceful and less frazzeled ! stayed up till 2 am watching it all and felt like that little kid from school again ! like many young girls back then i was ' in love ' with tim considine ! so nice to see he and david back talking about it ! i hope disney co. will put out the next 2 series of this great show on dvd soon 
dvd pos 625.txt for sheer excitement , you cannot beat this dvd . the music is exciting , arranged well for brass ensemble , and recorded with high quality . but that 's only the beginning.. . in blast , the band vigorously acts out all the pieces they perform . how they manage this energy level will flat-out amaze you . i can honestly say that , after just seeing these performances , you are as happily exhausted as the performers must be . prepare to be thrilled. . 
books neg 401.txt i have 50 pages to go and i ca n't wait to finish this boring waste of time . very predictable , sappy , sweet and quite meaningless . i give it a minus 1 
books pos 598.txt a pathbreaking work in women 's history and the history of deviancy , this book argues ( if not entirely convincingly ) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers . odem traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of los angeles county . noting the diverse cultures in l.a. ( white , working class , hispanic , african-american ) odem argues that many girls who became labeled & quot ; wayward&quot ; were acting out against oppressive and repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls ' sexuality . odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that reformers took in & quot ; retraining&quot ; wayward girls 
software neg 274.txt yes , i love microsoft office . it 's incredibly user friendly , it has wonderful features , most of which i do n't even know how to use , and it 's spelling and grammar checking features are the best of it 's kind . i 've been fortunate enough to have been a student up to now in my life and therefore did not have to buy microsoft for my personal use , the school would always buy one for me . and of course there are always illegitimate means.. . but i 'm not advocating piracy here . however , i would be the last person on earth to consider using microsoft office if i had to pay $350 for it . it 's an insane price . consider the alternatives : open office : does everything ms office does , some things even better . i love how you do n't need to buy or install anything extra to type mathematical formulas in open office . the best thing about this , however , is that it 's free ! google docs and spreadsheets : this one is even better . not only is it free like everything else from google , you can collaborate in real time with anybody else on the internet to write your word documents ! nothing beats that , it 's just the most wonderful thing that google has done 
books pos 787.txt i like this author 's work so much that i actually bought the hard cover since i could n't wait for the pb to be issued . however , p . d . james ' view of life as expressed by her characters can be very pessimistic at times ( a contrast to her autobiography ) . in this one , there is still the feeling that the characters are going through the motions of living , never really feeling any joy- -or often even happiness . however , when adam and emma come together at the end , there was a ray of hope . please , ms. james give us a new book asap 
dvd neg 702.txt i am a fan of dbz , i am a fan of goten , i think hercule is funny and i think #18 is hot . yet this movie sucked ! it was missing what makes dbz so great : lots of action and a great plot . broly is overused and this completely ruins him . like most dbz movies , it does n't fit into the timeline . if we worked it in , then goten and trunks would only be a matter of hours away from using the fusion technique . had this movie taken place after then , the fight would be a lot more interesting . in short , if you want to see every dbz movie , then rent it . if you insist on collecting the whole series , wait until movie collection #4 comes out 
health neg 113.txt the slippers look nice and smell great . they were difficult for me to get on my feet . the lining was too restrictive . once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . it 's unlikely that i will ever use them on my feet . i will only use the inserts for aromatherapy 
dvd pos 728.txt i just saw this move for the first time in wide screen and it is a much different experience i must say . i think i have figured it out . in some other reviews i think batricia birch should have just stayed with the songs and the numbers . i think they should have got another director to get the rest of the movie off the ground . it is somewhat of a good story . i can see why it would be reversed ( a guy trying to get the girl , instead of the other way around ) . you see eugine in the beginning of the movie stumbling out of the bus . well if he were a senior in the first one then why is he in the second one ? ? ? ? also frenchie is not with the pink ladies at all . you see her by herself or just briefly with the other pink ladies in school . i think the chemistry between stephanie and michael were worked well together . the songs were written by the same people that wrote the songs for the first movie . so really the bottom line is that they should have gotten a different director altogether . i know i know it is not the first one . but sequels are usually not , but they usually have connections to the first . grease 2 tried to accomplish with frenchie and the tbirds , pink ladies and all . i am glad they were able to have eve arden , sid ceaser , plus other great actors of the 50s and 60s like tab hunter . is this movie cheesy ? ? ? ? yes is it done in less than expected direction ? ? ? ? yes . does it have good songs ? ? yes ( cool rider , reproduction , we 'll always be together , girl for all seasons / turn back , and back to school ) . the song skits themselves are good and with the same flavor of the first one . after all kiddies , patricia birch did do the choreography for both . so , in closing , this movie made it to my dvd collection if for that reason alone . if grease 2 is going to stink then let it reek . if it has its moments of good cute fun then let it have that . i think if you loved the first grease then i think you should at least give this one a try . 
dvd neg 323.txt the book from alex haley when i read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color , and everyone should read it , yes even conservatives , manditory . however , this movie something just wasnt good . to long ? the over all acting ? spike , you make some great movies , summer of sam is one of your best , do the right thing . spike has a gift for cinematography , however spike lee interview on espn ? the interview said , interviewer : " kanye west said that bush does n't care about black people . would you agree with that ? lee : " yes , i agree with that , but i 'll go one step further and say that bush does n't care about people who do n't have any money ( whether they 're black or white . ) i guaranteed you that if this same disaster happened on long island or let 's say the hamptons , you would have had an entirley different response from fema and his administration . " but you should have seen how he said it , it was as if he was staring right into the camera with this smirk on his face . the dude is bold man , i 'll give him that and i applaude him . spike said either black , white , mexican , or asian . but what he did n't say was italians ! ! that dude has been getting flack forever for his dis'n of italians in his movies , they call him a racist all the time . here was his chance to say something , and he blew it . just did n't happen to say italians ? no so he is a racist too . and so are the africans in africa , they never have liked white people either , so what about that spike ? try going over their and applying for a job ! and while i am at , the african americans in even baton rouge do n't want the blacks from n.o. coming up their ! how come spike never said anything about that ? fkn whiners , so many the world over ! give them a mic and let them talk and will put it on tv and let the world see it for the fools they are . and ignoramus white liberals eat it up as its gospel and he is telling da truth 
books neg 362.txt this book is outdated for the 21st century . the basics are there and in great detail but most of the information is useless for today 
dvd neg 172.txt highly acclaimed . that , i knew . i watched the first 30 minutes , which is 1 / 4 of the movie , before i decided to hang it up . new lady moves into a conservative french town and opens a chocolate shop . this upsets the local church , even before she begins unleashing secret desires and so forth with her sinful chocolate . okay . can you really carry 2 hours with this single plot ? nope . this one 's boring . 
software neg 828.txt i bought this cd title b / c i wanted to learn how to play the guitar again . my decision to purchase this was based solely on all the amazon reviews that i perused beforehand . you can definitely learn to play the guitar with this , but there are so many other titles out there that are cheaper and more up-to-date . furthermore , there is nothing more annoying to me than hearing the instructor loudly singing the songs over the guitar strumming . his voice dominants in many parts of the lessons , and it deafens the sound of the guitar which makes it very difficult to hear the chords being taught . again , the software is good but may not be the best on the market . then again , i 've only purchased three titles , and this one offers a few things that the others do n't include 
music pos 406.txt tosca 's suzuki is not breaking any ground , but by god they have mastered the art . this album is just so professional sounding , very nicely produced . this is how i envision trance to sound like , so much garbage out there it taked a while to sift through and find a golden little record like this . funky bassbeats and killer sounds . it 's what they call ethereal....i think . it flows so well from track to track , quite the odyessy in under an hour 
dvd pos 567.txt i was more than impressed by this stupendous documentary . not only is it superior , photogrqphically speaking - - not only does it have beautiful & inspiring music - - it is factual and should open our eyes to what we have to lose in the name of oil ! we need to understand why environmentalists and educated elected officials care about protecting this pristine area . i was born , raised and educated in one of the most beautiful places in the u.s. in boulder , co - - at the foot of the flatirons - - but i truly feel this alaska wilderness is " god 's country . " buy this dvd - - view it - - invite everyone you care about to view it with you . you wll begin to care and maybe - - just maybe - - you will help to preserve it for your children & generations after you are gone 
books pos 460.txt excellent book - telling a shocking but real story of genocide on an unbelievable scale . 
music neg 989.txt oh man , this sucks really bad . good thing nu-metal is dead . thrash metal is real metal , this is for posers 
dvd neg 800.txt once again , the powers that be at amazon have chosen to refuse to tell us if ( in this case ) the darin / dee flicks if a man answers and that funny feeling are in widescreen or not . pan-and-scan is garbage , and we wo n't buy it ! ( that 's why i only gave 1 star for now . if they turn out to be widescreen , i 'll give them both 5 stars . ) " format : color " does n't cut it . color is n't a format , anyway - it 's a specification or type . widescreen is a format ( as is dvd and vhs , to begin with ) . so why the deep dark secret about certain movies , amazon ? you list many others as being widescreen , so why do you go on to neglect so many other hundreds , though ? if it 's a standard screen piece of junk , go ahead and say so , and be done with it , and we 'll boycott it . but right now all you 're doing by holding back this important information is slowing down sales 
health neg 828.txt i thought they might 've improved the hgm 15 model . forget about it . both models are lousy . buy foreign . it might work better 
camera neg 999.txt poor focus , blurry , awful optics . do n't waste your time with this one ! ca n't compare to the little pure digital camcorder that this device was to replace because of its additional features . 
books pos 690.txt as a social worker in private psychotherapy practice , i find that sometimes the work can be isolating and at times i question whether i should make more of an effort to consider the latest trends in psychotherapy . mary pipher affirms that the classic skills that make a good therapist such as compassion , empathy , listening skills , reframing and the ability to induce a sense of calm are timeless . furthermore , even if i was n't a therapist i think i would still devour this book because her writing is a pleasure to read . i highly recommend it for anyone just starting their career in therapy or those who have been in the field for decades . this book is bound to become a classic 
dvd pos 589.txt i grew up with the original ds . i also saw the two " spin off " movies : " house of dark shadows " and " night of dark shadows . " needless to say i was extremely excited about the " revival , " and i was n't disappointed . i felt that dan curtis was actually able to improve upon the original , by tightening up the script and employing wonderful actors who fit like the proverbial glove . the original barnabus was played by jonathan frid who was a shakespearian trained actor and , ben cross is a member of the royal shakespearian theatre in london . i loved that the revival was able to be more overtly sexual , which as any fan of vampires must know is an essential element of the myth . and i must say this series lived up to my every expectation . dan curtis took the original and made it completely accessible to older viewers who have such fond memories of the 1963 soap opera . i looked forward to 3:30 every day after school . it 's too bad that the gulf war killed it . yes it did ! i was there . after the sunday , monday miniseries , that friday was to air the first " episode . " however it was pre-empted by coverage of the war . too , too bad . i taped it , but unfortunately the last few episodes were accidentally taped over . i am so glad to know that i can order it now in it 's magical entirety . i 'm ordering it right now ! thank you amazon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you are a fan of things that go bump in the night , you will love this series ! ! ! ! 
health neg 651.txt paid a fortune for this thing and it stopped working after 2 uses 
music pos 811.txt this cd reminds me once again why russian liturgical music is one of the treasures of the world : beautiful , profound , awe-inspiring , uplifting . for the most part , the pieces are well chosen and the performances excellent . i am delighted to see that many of the tracks are from the classic recording of the rachmaninoff vespers made in the early 1970s by the ussr ministry of culture chamber choir directed by valery polyansky , and released in the usa by angel-melodiya . i wore out my copy of the lp years ago ; although it has been reissued on cd , it 's out of print and very hard to find . so it is wonderful to see a generous selection from that recording available on this disk . listen to track 11 , " praise the lord o my soul " , sung by the chamber choir and mezzo irina arkhipova . you would have to have a heart of stone not to be moved as she sings " slava ghospidin " ( praise to the lord ) . and listen to how the basses descend to b-flat at end . it just does n't get any better than this 
software neg 843.txt i was able to install most of ms office but am having printer conpatability problems . i was n't able to install vitural pc properly and get error messages when i boot up . i 'm going to have to the mac store genius bar to get the problems straightened out . all in all i think that every thing will work ok but i 'm going to have yto travel over 50 miles to get it fixed . maybe it 's best to stick with mac software for macs . i 've never has a problem installing them 
books neg 214.txt i have yet to use an actual phrase from this guide , but.. . it is good for re-charging my batteries when i have to write a review and feel uninspired . after reading through some ideas in this guide , i usually find i can then find my own words to say what i need to convey . the fact that all the phrases are positive , i see as a good thing because i feel it 's important to have a positive attitude toward the associate you 're reviewing . if there are challenges in the persons performance , the manager should have been working with the associate on that throughout the review period . i would recommend this book but only as a way to inspire the person writing a review to come up with their own way of phrasing.. . rather than use the phrases in the book . the people we manage deserve more than " copy / paste " reviews . 
software neg 624.txt i installed this on my laptop and it slowed it down to a crawl . i deinstalled it , installed norton 2005 , bought the subscription renewal and my laptop is back up to speed . you have been warne 
software neg 306.txt the real headache began when i attempted to " activate " the program . i spent hours trying to activate it , to no avail . i got messages saying that the serial number was invalid and a host of other problems . now , i would just like to get my money back . i have used scansoft 's stuff in the past and have been pleased with it , but , for whatever reason , omnipage 15 has become , for me , an expensive nightmare . after having spent many hours trying to activate it , i still have not succeeded . their support leaves a lot to be desired . for one thing , they keep " bankers hours " so do n't expect to get any help on the weekend or after hours 
dvd pos 845.txt six degrees of separation is an outstanding play transformed to the screen with dignity but with a script that keeps us in the live theatre instead of in a motion picture . not that that is a bad thing : the script by john guare is brilliant . it simply seems a little static , with its marvelous plays on words , repeated phrases , and disjointed movements significant unto themselves but not really taking advantage of cinematic possibilities of flow . essentially the tale of how a married couple who deal art ( stockard channing and donald sutherland - both in peak form ) are so caught up in their superficial lives that they are taken in by a handsome young african american con artist ( will smith ) whose various antics bring the couple round to reexamining their shallow existence . most of the story is related over art dealings and dinner conversations and are peopled by such luminaries as kitty carlisle , ian mckellen , artists chuck close and kazuko , mary beth hurt , bruce davidson etc - a really fine ensemble . there are many social comments clustered in this story and it continues to play well after its origins on the stage and fifteen years after the movie was made . this was one of will smith 's entries into film as well as one of the gifted stockard channing 's finest roles . highly recommended for repeated viewings . grady harp , october 0 
books pos 468.txt i wrote this review because i felt that none of the reviews so far really got the main cause of this book . this is not a book about cosmology ( as people would expect from roger penrose ) . in this tiny book , penrose summarizes his idea that the mind cannot be understood by mathematical processes ( something much different from the opinion of 99 , 99% of neurobiologists , such as steven pinker ) . this view is near to the nobel laureate murray gell-mann . the book is easy to understand and the ideas are very concise and its recommended for the ones that are interested in intelligence theories ( thus , the author assumes that the reader know what a neuron is and how it works ! ) . some may think this is a difficult to understand book because they did n't had in mind that this book is about penrose 's point of view on intelligence . in fact , i 'm not a physicist , nor a biologist , simply a high school student and i found the book very easy to understand , although i do not agree with penrose 's point of view . i think he forgot something very important . read it and read the other point of view and you 'll find what it is ! : 
books neg 367.txt i might have been expecting too much , but i was disappointed with this book . i did not learn anything on dark magick per se . the first half of the book is about a variety of subjects like , goths , vampires , lost souls , the collective unconscious , dark deities , satanism and some other stuff . the second half is about magick , but it sounds more like high magick to me . where 's the dark magick 
books neg 586.txt there 's nothing unique about this text - all the topics & discussions have been well covered in other basic textbooks on corporate finance , mergers etc... . the discussions lack depth . the whole concept of corporate strategy has been miscontrued by the authors... . the link between this and financial markets is very ambiguous & blur ! fyi i 'm a businessman & hold an mba in finance from an international university 
camera pos 371.txt i 've had my d2h for 9 months now . i 've heard of the magenta skin tones issue but have never seen it..skin tones on my unit are great . it seems this issue plagued a minority of users . camera is very fast , exposes well and delivers results . it 's primarily designed to be a sports and photojournalism camera - - for situations where speed counts . it 's a 4 megapixel wonder - - it 's true it only has 4 megapixels , but they are 4 great megapixels . images upsize wonderfully . i love my unit , and am debating whether to buy a second one as a backup , or wait for the d2x . the price of the d2x is making that decision a bit easier and i 'm leaning toward another d2h . 
dvd neg 163.txt the ab portion of the dvd is good , although i fast forward through the warm ups and skip the cool downs altogether . the buns workout is not challenging enough except for the first set . the last one is a step-type exercise so if you do n't have something you can step up on , you ca n't do it . the dvd itself is not very professionally done . tamilee miscounts , does n't look at the correct camera when speaking to the audience and often fumbles her words . abs of steel maybe , buns of steel , no way 
dvd neg 188.txt would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of " king solomons mines " . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic " prisoner of zenda " . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution . 
books neg 761.txt save yourself time and buy any book by greg lemond ( greg lemond 's complete book of bicycling ) or john howard ( john howard 's the cyclist 's companion ) - - they are both far better writers , well-rounded bicyclists , and honorable family men - - good role models for all true cycling athletes , young and old alike . lance armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book , but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion . lance armstrong would sell his own grandmother 's last pair of socks in order to succeed - - leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the tour de france . he sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn . better to settle down with greg lemond 's wonderful book for real depth , excitement , and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well 
dvd pos 170.txt " all men can do anything , if they will " seems to be the final statement of this captivating picture , carefully directed by agnieszka holland , one of the major female directors in the world . this absorbing drama turns around the lives and times of three children who will meet each one another and exchange livings and fortunate encounters . on one hand , our little girl will know the world is not turning around her ; and her initial solitude will be rewarded when she found out a hiddden that will make her dreams come true , and finally she will the one in order to impluse and bring back her cousin to the life . a triumph of the cinema and definitively one of my top twenty best films of the nineties . 
camera pos 308.txt i had viewed concert photos taken with the s2 from a number of different photographers and they absolutely took my breath away . saw the output of other cameras in comparison and they did n't even come close . i was using the canon a80 prior and while i was happy with it , my first round of photos with the s2 proved to be most impressive . while you can use this as a point and shoot , this is a camera that you should spend some time learning so that you can get the most from it . and although the s3 is the latest version of the camera , i 'm not sure you get that much more for the money 
books neg 154.txt i had heard of the importance , and significance of " the education of henry adams " for a long time . i finally determined i needed to read it . i acutally read it twice , and found less in it the second time than the first . i am sorry i missed the greatness of this book . i am sure there was something wrong with me , but i found it to be incredibly unimpressive . perhaps this came from the fact that henry adams was not a likeable man . he was famous for holding court in his home near the white house , and making caustic and negative comments about every president who lived there . granted , he lived in washington at a time when there were plenty of second-rate occupants of the white house . but the thought of people wasting their time trying to please a blue-blooded snob like adams depresses me . why did anyone bother ? he lived in an atmosphere of snobbery , sharp-tongues , clever remarks , and brilliant conversation . the world went on without him , truth be told , and he contributed less than the people who walked by his house each day . he was a very good historian in his time . but who reads his books now ? not very many . in short , his own work was not as long-lasting as he would have wanted it to be . maybe the influence of some of the presidents he mocked lasted longer than the published and purchased work of henry adams . " the education of henry adams " does not have much real information . he got education in one place , none in others . surely , the suicide of his wife provided some very painful education for henry- -but he wrote nothing about it in his book . when eric sevareid wrote " not so wild a dream , " it was compared to " the education of henry adams . " that was meant as a compliment . oddly , i think sevareid 's book is much , much better . sevareid wrote of america , the common man , the war , and what it all meant to him . adams needed to get out more . he did not see america- -not the america built by the common citizen who put it all together , and defended it . i gained a trememdous amount from sevareid . i cannot say the same for the work of henry adams . again , a lot of this might be me . perhaps i read the book at a bad time . maybe i needed to read it a third time . i do not know . i do know i do not think this is a great american classic . forgive , please , my ignorance . 
health pos 704.txt well , let 's face it..short of any procedure that is invasive ( botox , cosmetic surgery , etc ) , there really isnt any magic cream that is going to reverse the aging process , but there are a number of products that will aid in improving the look , feel and texture of your face . i 've been trying out several of the products out there , and i found " olay total effects night firming cream for face and neck " to be one of the best ones around . i really like this one alot because of the many benefits it has all in one jar . after using it pretty generously for a little over a month ( i 've used about 1 / 2 the jar so far ) , i found it worked wonders on improving the look and feel of my skin . it minimized the appearance of fine lines , really hydrated my dry skin , improving on firmness , absorbed deep into my skin , so using it every night , i could still feel the softness the next morning , and left my face feeling very smooth to the touch . i especially felt and saw visable result around my neck and throat area ( where i am really starting to get that over 50 look ) . it has a nice , very light scent , and here 's the best part.. . the price here at amazon is about 1 / 2 of what i paid when i purchased it along with my groceries at the market ( and it was even on sale at the store ) , so at around twelve dollars here right now , it 's a real bargain . there are 7 benefits listed on the box , some i mentioned above , others include evening skin tone , minimizes the appearance of pores and reduces the appearance of blotches and age spots . give this one a try for any of these aging signs . do n't expect a miracle . the wrinkles will not vanish , but a nice improvement in the look and feel of your skin , a healthy glow that leaves you feeling just a little better about yourself ( and a a great price ) . the formula includes a fast absorbing skin strengthener called vitaniacin ( vit b3 , vit e and pro-vit b5 ) , wheat protein and hydrators . i like it and recommend it.....laurie 
software neg 874.txt i have been using turbo tax since 1998 , i use computers every day , and ( as an engineer ) i am used to using difficult applications ( pro-e , mathcad , ug , etc ) . this years edition of turbo tax deluxe was the worst turbo tax i have ever seen ( & i usually like it very much ) . i purchased in january and had to update 4 times . one update took 6 hours ( some of us live in the boonies and broadband is not an option ) . in addition , the application brought up menus and selections that were not applicable ( farm income at the pa state form ) . when i tried to delete the entries ( at the federal level as instructed ) they would not . my 1 business expense entry kept getting duplicated ( " copy 2 " and every time i deleted it , it would reappear on the next pass through . every time i entered the " state " tab , it acted like i was never there before with a " start state " button that always lead me through all the same questions ( it did retain my answers from prior visits ) . where was the " continue state " button ? i also noticed that using the " back " button and then moving foreward again caused never before seen dialogs to occur , even though the same " foreward " choices were made . once i backed up to check something & then moving foreward caused my state tax status to jump from +$46 to - $1548 ! ! upon backing up i saw that some of the check boxes regarding the sale of my home were unchecked . i did not check them , but rather backed up two more screens , then moved foreward again the two screens and the boxes were again checked ! one more foreward click and my taxes again returned to +$46. one of the years i liked best was when there was a " checklist " so you could see where you had been and what was already addressed . this years state was definetly worse than the federal , but even that was a dissapointment . i did complete this years filings & submitted both online , i hope i do n't get burned ! turbo tax ! - - please improve for next year or it may be my last year . you realize that at 59.95 + 39.95 filing + my time + aggravation like this year , and an accountant is looking attractive . if you are on the " inside " you probably know why this is happening...outsourcing code gen to india , not outsourcing code gen to india , programmer cut-backs , programming application changes , archiving application changes , project management issues , whatever . just realize that there is a problem & fix it 
dvd neg 324.txt maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the russian president and jack ryan are talking to each other through the computer , repeat is spelled " reapeat " . on top of that , the acting was horrible...this movie did n't take itself seriously enough . ben affleck sucked as much as he did in this movie as he did in pearl harbor 
software neg 47.txt first of all , the many samples i viewed in browsing this software are the same object just turned different angles . there are far fewer images than the number touted . this is a scam in my opinion , but a situation i could live with . but the major issue is that most of the photo images i have searched for my actual use have very poor , actually totally unusable resolution . they have corrupted clarity , poor pixel quality , are distorted , and unsuitable except for perhaps , a third grader 's school project . it was a complete waste of money . it is headed for the first garage sale i hold , and i will offer it for 50 cents with a non-return policy . 
books pos 608.txt atwoods collection of shot anecdotes , prose , and takeoffs of traditional narratives creates a delicious layered candy cake , yummy from start to finnish . a light , quick read intended to be thought provoking in either its mildest form or more serious , good bones creates a batter of cookie dough complementing her unique sense of style and outlook on our society 
camera pos 37.txt i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed 
health pos 328.txt the day i ordered this pair at amazon , i saw the same homedics slippers at sears for $21.99 on sale and i was immediately assured that price wise , this is a great buy . i got the slippers within 3 days . the material is very soft and " towely " , and pretty in pink - it feels really good to just walk in them . though they have a battery compartment underneath the sole , they are not too heavy to walk in either . each slipper uses 2 aa batteries . the massage is actually more effective while sitting . and my mum and my sister keep eyeing my slippers . i ordered another one for my future mum-in-law as well ! i 'm sure she 'll love it . also , i wear a shoe size 8 , sometimes 8.5 , but the homedics small size for the massaging slippers fit just fine , actually a little better coz a good fit gives a better feeling of the vibrations . if you 're thinking of buying this , go for it 
health neg 809.txt let me start by saying i think the regular guru energy drink is the best on the market . i only wish i could say the same about guru lite . there is nothing positive about this drink . it is awful ! i was very excited about trying the lite version but after my first can the rest went straight into the garbage . you might as well take a ginseng or ginkgo biloba capsule open it and pour it straight into your mouth . if you are big fan of the regular guru stay with it and do n't waste your money on their lite version . 
camera neg 763.txt i bought this camera for christmas and it is absolutely horrible ! it takes really bad quality pictures and it has a very noisy lens . it 's a great looking camera but the screen is only 2 inches which is very small . this camera is not a good buy for it 's class 
books pos 493.txt this book is without a doubt one of the best in the series of chicken soups . i have purchased several of them and give them out for gifts in the hospital , get well , birthdays and etc. there is something for everyone in this book . what a great little gift 
books neg 2.txt the fatalistic view of conservativism is expressed by kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states , " [edmund] burke , could he see our century , never would concede that a consumption-society , so near suicide , is the end for which providence has prepared man " . but wait . the conservative mind was first published in 1953 , the mythical golden age of america with ward and june cleaver and normal rockwell . meanwhile , burke , a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century . what a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times . there are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society . voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society . kirk writes , " what men really are seeking , or ought to seek , is not the right to govern themselves , but the right to be governed well " but what he offers is a lack of true representation . the author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth , intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender . is it so surprising that kirk lauds some of the worst racists in american history like nathanial bedford forrest whom he describes as ` magnificent ' before quoting his racist vitriol ? in a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate john c . calhoun as a ` defender of minorities ' and praises john randolph for , among other things , opposing doctrines of racial equality . kirk goes on about calhoun 's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the fugitive slave act which forced federal officials and law officials in northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine . he supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery . for calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe . kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern ` anti-slavery agitation ' and supports calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty , although calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty . one wonders if kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the calhoun mounted a ` strong protest against domination by class or region' . another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state . the duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line . quoting samuel coleridge , the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant ; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control . sounding like the inspiration for disgraced chief justice roy moore , russell kirk urges that , " state and church ought never to be separate entities , true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit ; it rises far superior to earthly law , being , indeed , the source of all law " . kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of god but never draws a distinction . i have to wonder if , like the modern reconstructionist , kirk wanted to see the laws of leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers . he never explains how one might recognize a law of god besides using prejudice . the third thread would be kirk 's anti-intellectual ( or perhaps pro-stupid ) stance . he refers to human reason as ` puny ' and ` impotent ' and claims that we find the mind of god in prejudice and tradition . ` prejudice ' , he writes , ` is of ready application in the emergency ; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue , and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision , skeptical , puzzled , and unresolved' . actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain . citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for god and those in higher stations and authority . in order to grab the golden fleece of populism conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident . like calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade . i found russell kirk 's salesmanship of conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day . 
camera neg 367.txt very disappointed in this product and amazon 's response to the problem . item clearly shows that a metal neck strap is included and until i complained that it was not included , this was still written up as being part of the accessary back at time of complaint but since been changed . they have told me they ca n't supply the missing part ( the metal neck strap showing in the photo ) as item comes from a freight forwarder . i did not get what i paid for and unable to return because item has been forward shipped out of the country 
software neg 520.txt the new product release is worthless - too buggy and slow to work . the previous releases were ok - they did find some malware and removed it , without interference in our system . however , despite the cute-sy interface , there are other software programs that provide the same ( or better ) anti-malware support . most importantly , this company has some shady business practices ( like hidden yearly automatic renewal charges , installing google toolbar with download , etc ) and no way to contact them directly other than their online contact form which never receives a response . check out the better business bureau to see their " unsatisfactory " report . i am currently disputing a charge from this company on my debit card and have had huge problems - so far i have only been able to speak with bridget at their third-party billing company who says they are not able to provide assistance with my complaint . there are other , more reputable companies to work with . this type of software is not worth the hassle 
software neg 17.txt i rarely write reviews but i decided to write this since i had this urge to let everyone know that this product is just plain bad . the review by " reviewer : rc lansing mich " has listed all of my frustrations and i will not go over them again . but the rating of 4 stars that he has given does not agree with what you will read in his review . the summary of this product is that it is " highly unusable " . you will be tired of using this on your first trip that you will not feel like every using it again . yes , you can " manage " you way with this product . however it is not worth your time and money . and last point that struck a nerve with me about the ols maps database ... the company came out with a plan where customers can send them updated maps , based on locations they have travelled , not covered by the original map database ... come on ! 
camera pos 305.txt my search for a semi pro digicam made me do a lot of research and after i shortlisted a few models i had to find the best deal . amazon helped me get that deal and today when i look at the performance of the camera so far. . i am amazed.. . the camera was bound to be good but a special thanks to amazon.com for helping me get one at a gr8 price 
books neg 371.txt i read bill bryson 's " a walk in the woods " and laughed hysterically at many parts of the book , and through the rest was either duly entertained or pleasantly educated ( for the " educated " aspect , bill interlaces the book with fascinating factual tangents ) . i started into " in a sunburned country " with similar expectations , and especially since i have always longed and planned to visit australia . to state that i was disappointed is a severe understatement . after reading this book i now have little to no desire to visit the " land down under ; " my only hope is that i will completely forget what i read in bryson 's book so that i may one day look forward to and enjoy visiting australia . ( senility be merciful and consume me hastily ! ) my best estimate is that bryson was commissioned to write a ~350 page book about australia . during and / or after his trip , his creative sense must have taken a vacation of its own . i have rarely struggled so much to get through a book as i did with this one . bryson even stooped so low as to use an urban legend as a " story " relayed second-hand from one of the australians he " met . " such a stunt makes me question if any of his accounts are real in any of his books . the only saving grace to this book was the educational tangents . these , at least , provided for some interesting reading . after comparing notes with another person who ventured to read another of bryson 's books ( " i 'm a stranger here myself " ) after she read " a walk in the woods , " it would appear that " in a sunburned country " is not the only snore-fest that bryson has churned out . perhaps he is n't a " one hit wonder , " but i for one am not going to waste my time or money finding out . so , if you are looking for the same caliber of writing that bryson provided in " a walk in the woods , " look to another author or prepare to be greatly disappointed . 
software pos 456.txt this recommended software is easy to load , except for online requirements to update the files due to changes in the documents from the time of publication / software release . the files for download was large and took a long time on a dialup internet connection . the software was easy to use , without documentation , though documentation would have been much desired . the time to fill in the data was not too long . it took about 4-6 hours given that i had been filing all the tax info in a folder with all the references required . the help in the software was great and insightful . i preferred using a cpa in the past , but since my taxes has gotten significantly easier , this has been a definite cost savings . e-filing was easy , but make sure not to lose the cd-sleeve after downloading the software . otherwise , it costs extra to e-file . overall , it appears to be a great software package with great info and help . i plan to use it next year , lord willing ! 
dvd neg 716.txt i agree with everyone that wants old nick . i remember putting on the tv and watching legends of the hidden temple , guts , are you afraid of the dark ? and so on . put them on dvd . people would surely buy it 
books pos 223.txt this book is the equivalent of the proustian madeleine...to read it is to recover a past long lost . making the case for the mordant paradigm shift of us morals , ethics and literary tastes , this is the marker past which one can see the sad decline of the quality of art and life in the modern world . i cannot improve on the highly intelligent and sensitive overview given here by reviewer big orange " paxbear " and so will not review the book in detail . that it is one of only three saroyan volumes still in print makes the case for the obsolesence of the clear heart and clear mind in today 's mindlessly kinetic world . you can read this book in the time it would take you to go see mi 111 in a cineplex . carpe diem . read this instead 
books pos 278.txt anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point 
books pos 478.txt i intend to have the very first item in this read at my memorial service - which i hope wo n't be soon ! some of this was slightly dated , but always good reading . he had such a unique take on his world and such a down-to-earth way of looking at the goings-on around him . 
software pos 855.txt i think the rosetta stone software is a pretty effective mode of learning . however , it is necessary to do it on a regular basis and would probably be even more effective if one were to study verbs and vocabulary outside of the program . in order to get the most out of the program i feel it is essential to do all the portions of each level / lesson . 
books neg 840.txt richard fawkes ' writing is stilted , his phrases repetitive , and he does n't convince me at all that he knows anything about the military . do n't waste your time or money 
dvd neg 840.txt my husband and i loved the original amityville and were so disappointed by this remake . with the special effects we have nowadays i thought this movie would have been great , i was wrong . it was pure hollywood garbage . 
books pos 438.txt i read this book 2 years ago , and still consider it one of the most compelling and important books i have ever read . besides being completely absorbed by this man 's life and experiences , i learned so much valuable information about cambodia from it that i wish it was required reading for anyone traveling there . blended seamlessly with the narrative you will learn of the history and culture of the cambodians , the groundwork for the rise of the khmer rouge , the horrors and fallacies of life under a communist regime , and the story of pol pot . i also gained an insight into buddhist thought and daily life in cambodia , all of which prepared me well for my trip there . haing ngor 's life story also helped me understand the damaging psychological consequences endured by the victims of this holocaust , and of the difficulties cambodians have had in trying to adjust to life in america . there are a lot of lessons to be learned from this book , and many which can give us a better ability to analyze current international events . if you read no other book about cambodia , read this one 
music neg 143.txt on an episode of seinfield that is probably overexposed enough as it is , the always wily and oh so goofy character of kramer is playing a game of risk and exclaims that the " ukraine is weeeeak " . this causes him to get a thorough scolding and a little bit of trouble . i think the same basic sentiments work with this new order release . it probably was n't worth the ungodly long eight year wait although it produced the excellent " rock the shack " and of course " crystal " , which i 'll get back to later . unlike kramer i feel i can make this statement safely as i 'm not dealing with a burly , alcohol swigging ukranian , but new order fans , which are n't the most intimidating bunch out there . keyboardist gillian gilbert is not here as she felt taking care of her kids is more important , which it is , maybe . this album features the guitar of billy corgan , the frontman of the seminal 90 's group soundgarden . too bad they could n't get billy to collaborate five years earlier because at this point he was already full blown crazy , and was n't writing very good material or really using his guitar , at all . new order also made the mistake of having corgan to backing vocals . now a synth is high pitched and shrill enough , but to top that off with a billy corgan squealing like a pig cherry is probably not the best choice . so...someone like you is more or less unlistenable . it has some pretty terrible lyrics about how bernard does n't want to wash his car . now i can relate , i would n't want to wash my car in britain since it rains all the time and would probably be an altogether futile affair , but this topic does n't result in the most captivating and well-written material . new order occasionnally want to rawk out with guitars on this album , something they do n't do very often , just like van morrison . now i 'm not sure if i 've heard a van morrison song but i 've always figured it was a give that they rawk out with guitars . case in point of this ` not so good of an idea rawking ' is rock the shack . rock the shack kind of sounds like new order 's take on someone commissioned to write an epic gilligan 's island rock song , pretty amazing huh ? ' 60 miles an hour ' , ` primitive notion ' , and ` close range ' all suffer from being a little too vanilla and a little too bland . new order have patches here where they sound like they might be suffering from the same middle-aged blandness that has crippled other 80 's artist like depeche mode , the cure , and tears for fears ( who 've actually always blown ) . however , they do succeed fully well on two songs here . there is ` crystal ' , which is truly an excellent rock song and show new order can succeed with a harder guitar edge and is probably one of the two or three best songs of new order 's career from the 90 's and beyond . how this did n't get more airplay than it did is a mystery to me , because it has the alternative rock of today written all over it . the other is run wild which is really a great little slow song , in the vein of ` as it is when it was . probably new order 's only full-fledged ballad it serves as a fitting acoustic , moving ending to an otherwise disappointing album . get ready is good beginning and end , just not end between . kind of like that movie twin peaks : fire walk with me 
music neg 284.txt i agree with other reviewers . do n't waste your money . i should have listened to the samples . to hear more awful fakes , visit the producer 's web site at drewsfamous.com . listen to their selection of garbage before you make the purchase 
music pos 125.txt i saw these guys live in the twin cities last week . they opened for keane and the zutons . these guys were definitely the best part of the show . they had great energy and actually looked like they were having fun . to top it off , they sounded great and their songs were well written . give these guys a shot , unless you hate rock ' n ' roll ! ! 
camera neg 393.txt this camera has an attractive look and price but it does not take good pictures . i bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter and although she was happy with it ( she 's happy with anything pink ) i was very disappointed at the quality and functionality 
health neg 248.txt this scale does not weigh correctly . your results depend upon exactly where you are standing on the scale when you are weighing in . i counted 6 different results within 5 minutes the last time i used it . this is one of the least accurate scales i 've ever used . spend the extra money to get a higher quality non-digital scale 
music neg 10.txt it is beyond me that a record label would put this out . it 's so embarassing how bad he rips bright eyes from song structure , subject the production and even the cover art looks just like fevers and mirrors . 
camera neg 560.txt here is the short version . oct05 i bought a fujifilm finepix f460 digital camera for $299.99. nov06 camera stopped working correctly - snapshots have alternating bright / dark horizonal strips across them . jan07 i sent the camera in to fujifilm 's service center for repair stating that the camera was always handled with care and that a ~$300 camera should work for more than just 1 month after its warranty expires . jan07 the service center sent me a repair estimate for $70.00 + tax and shipping totaling $85.95 ( i spent $16.52 to send it to them so my total expense would have been $102.47 for the repair if i accepted ) . feb07 i contacted the service center and stated that i think they should stand behind their product and fix the camera once they verify the malfunction was not caused by user abuse . and that i do n't think that it makes sense for me to pay $100 to repair a $300 camera that stopped working only 1 month after the warranty expired . the service rep , named christina , asked me to fax her a copy of the original reciept and she would see what she could do . i complied . mar07 fujifilm returned the camera to me unrepaired with a note saying that i did not reply to the estimate . now i will now send them the camera and its memory card and a printout of this review asking them to refund the cost of the camera , its memory card , and the shipping i paid . 
books pos 969.txt i bought this as i 'm beginning to study judaism in my spiritual journey . the book is very well translated and includes recommendations for readings on holidays . there are also pictures throughout the book from various times and locations . i 'm also very pleased with this since it 's in a paragraph format ( as someone who 's only read the " hebrew bible " as part of the old testament i like the ease of reading with the paragraph format ) . highly recommende 
dvd neg 880.txt this dvd was a waste of money and a waste of time . it 's " unauthorized " by muse , so therefore there were no interviews , no live footage , and none of their music was included . they interviewed people who had never even met the band . i learned nothing new from watching it . do n't waste your money 
books neg 606.txt as a fan of gitlin , i was hoping that he 'd give me the bottom line - his bottom line - on the air we breathe today , the same way that brave souls such as lasch , marcuse , and bell have done . but gitlin is n't brave . he admits , honestly , up front , that he will reach few conclusions , and merely wants to lay out what we face each day on the streets , on tv , and on the net . what follows is a stream-of-consciousness depiction of life today . i want more than that from gitlin . i want his conclusions , not some lame statement that he has n't reached any yet . he 's not getting any younger . lots of other fabulous thinkers have failed at this stage of their lives . it 's time for his masterpiece - the next book , perhaps 
health pos 621.txt wonderful for getting all of your trigger points in your back especially , but also in your neck and feet . your body feels so relaxed after using the theracane . 
dvd neg 851.txt i am writing neither to critique the movie nor to eplore the quality of the video or audio . i would simply like to warn potential buyers of the manufacturer defects that i have enconter with two copies of this dvd . the first copy was scratched so severly it looked like a fat guy attempted to use it to ski down slopes of rough pavement . so amazon promptly shipped out another . the second copy did n't have a scratch but the movie hung up in the exact same place as the first . annoying ! i am currently waiting on another copy , but if it 's bad i 'm giving up . *important* consumers , take my review very seriously because i suspect these other reviewers have no experience with the dvd , they 're just fans of the film . and what an awesome film it is 
dvd pos 265.txt it is very nice and they delever it very fast 
software pos 966.txt my legal ofice bought this product specifically for making unfillable pdf forms fillable . this feature works much better than we expected . i anticipated we would have to do a lot of clean-up to make the forms useable . that is not the case . about 80% of the forms we run through it come out perfectly . it seems to have trouble with forms that are really crowded with fields or have embedded fonts that we do n't have access to . designing fillable forms from scratch used to take us hours for a simple form . i could see most of the forms we use taking 6-8 hours each . running it through the formtyper takes a few seconds . the amount of time we save on this one task is tremendous . we have also begin using the ocr capabilites to create digitial documents from our paper files . the ocr seems to work really well , even with multi-generation copies . we are very pleased with the performance of this product . 
dvd pos 254.txt sometimes i wonder how it is we do n't live in a vigilante society . people do such awful things and alot of times the system really ca n't / do n't do anything for the victims . well , in this film , this family was not going to just sit there and let the system dictate how their son 's killer would be dealt with . story takes place in a small town where the strout family is a big deal . you know the family that everyone in the community knows and basically the money makers . there is also the fowler family which also make their way in the town . she is a folk song teacher and the father is a doctor and they have 1 college age son , frank , that is dating an older woman ( marisa tomei ) and she has 2 sons . well , the strout family 's son is married to marisa tomei and is not dealing well with the fact that she is dating the college boy and they are n't even divorced yet . ca n't say that i blame him there , but it is inherent that he is a real prick and probably treated her and their sons poorly . moving along , the strout 's son kills frank and because of the strout 's clout and the fact that the ex wife did n't actually see him fire the shot , he is going to get off with manslaughter . this does not sit well with the fowler's . the fowler 's have a friend that has over 300 acres of land , so you can only imagine what happens . i certainly do n't condone vigilantism , however , i just loved the ending . the strout family put up property and funds to cover his bail , so since it appeared that he jumped bail , they will lose all of that . beautiful ! then , they were able to get some pleasure from the fact that they will never have to see that jerk again roaming the streets . i could n't help but get some satisfaction out of that myself . very real and very interesting . great movie 
camera pos 383.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
software neg 814.txt this software might be recommended if better utilities were n't out there . this one gives the user a sense of security , but when my system crashed , fix-it couldn't . i dutifully put in the rescue disk , booted up on it , restored my earlier system , exited and rebooted . nothing . before i 'd been able to get into safe mode , but now nothing . so when i manually restored my system , guess which program got yanked ? and it freed up a lot of system resources , too . ( had i known how much before , that alone would have soured me . ) my system now runs faster and does n't lag while typing . another small criticism : even though fix-it has automatic update for virus scans , i found more often than not i had to go to the vcom site and manually download the anti-virus files . no reason was ever given ; i 'd just get a message telling me to do it . very inconvenient . also warning*warning : this program has strict activation . you can only have it on one computer , so forget putting it on your notebook computer . finally , be careful when cleaning your registry . look at every entry this suite wants to delete . if you run it on default , it may remove critical registry keys and settings . in fact , i 'd use a different registry cleaner or some of the free ones . fix-it has some great features , but not enough to make it worth the system resources and a system sluggish system . ( not to mention the anti-virus problem ) . try system mechanic instead . 
music pos 485.txt this is a really great cd . the candian and american idol winners are not usually that great , but melissa is an exception . she just belts out her soul whenever she 's at the microphone . my absolute favourite is definitely " alive " . it 's just a beautiful song . really , i recommend this cd who likes songs with great messages and a good beat . she 's a great pop / rock singer . you ca n't go wrong with this cd 
dvd pos 890.txt i 'll get to the plot of " the gang 's all here " in a minute , because the plot is n't the most memorable part of this movie . the most memorable part is the bananas . about 20 minutes into the movie , a towering hat of technicolor fruitappears on the screen , followed by its owner- - " brazilian bombshell " carmen miranda . she proceeds to do a number called " the lady in the tutti-frutti hat , " accompanied by chorus girls who bear bananas . six-foot-tall bananas that continuously droop and sprout until number 's end , when the chorus girls , worn out by the burden of this mutated fruit , lay down for a long siesta on a stage dressed up like an island . there 's a reason this number occurs so early on : it takes you the rest of the movie to convince yourself you actually saw this in a 1943 movie . but then , this is busby berkeley , a director who staged his musical numbers as though he was declaring war . and next to kitsch , war is pretty much the motivator here . the wafer-thin story involves andy ( james ellison ) , a soldier who woos and wins edie ( alice faye ) , a canteen dancer , the nightbefore andy goes off to world war two . in what seems an instant , andy gets decorated and returned home to a victory party thrown by the family of andy 's childhood sweetheart and fiancee- -who , unfortunately for edie , is not edie . will the heartbreak be resolved ? do you really care ? the plot is mostly an excuse for some snappy repartee between major ' 40s stars ( in particular , eugene pallette and edward everett horton are hilarious ) , and the kind of musical numbers that seem to drop out of thin air . ( in a couple of scenes , benny goodman and his orchestra stroll by and do some songs just for the heck of it . ) " the gang 's all here " is really a 1943 time capsule , but an eye-popping rouser of one . they do n't make ' em like this anymore . they did n't make ' em much like this back then , either 
books neg 484.txt i bought this recording with high hopes . what better complement to reading shakespeare than hearing him , right ? well , not with this recording . the cast is made up of & quot ; distinguished actors , & quot ; the insert proclaims , but it 's obvious that these actors have n't done shakespeare since they were in junior high school . nor have they improved since then : none of the actors has any feel for the shakespearean line . the speaking is stiff and mechanical , and half the time it sounds like a monty python farce ! when there are no visual effects to distract us , low-quality acting really sticks out . for audio recordings , you need the best voices . too bad arkangel did n't realize this . my advice ? grind up these cds and use them to fertilize your nasturtiums 
health neg 488.txt the battery life is the worst of any electric razor i 've ever used . the razor does n't provide a close shave and mine broke after just three uses . the razor is very cheaply constructed and i would not recommend this to anyone . you 're better off spending twice the money to get a durable machine 
music neg 818.txt while well produced , i was disappointed in the album - mostly because the majority of the tracks were re-recordings . frankie laine still sounds great - but it just was n't the same . i bought the cd to replace a well worn vinyl album , but on listening to the cd i found the songs to all be slightly ( and in a couple of cases very ) , different in tempo and vocal inflection - it 's definitely not the album i 've loved for over 30 years ! high noon in particular is quite different , much slower , with vocal emphasis changed . i 'll probably listen to the cd from time to time , but not with the same relish that i enjoyed my old lp 
health pos 748.txt really strong when just sprayed , but after a little while it gets soft , but at the same time not too soft . the perfume lasts for few hours , by the time i go to bed , the scent would still be there faintly , and i fall asleep to it . it is fresh and strong at first , then soft and sweet . love it 
music neg 752.txt if you need an experience of pure meaningless noise , this one 's for you . however , dont expect it to change your life much . the price listed above for the album is a very good example of the old cliche , " you get what you pay for . 
camera neg 113.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. . 
health pos 709.txt finally tried this , and i definitely recommend it . it doesnt have a strong smell , very pleasant and neutral . it feels so good on your skin after you shave , very soothing and moisturizing . try some , you 'll love it 
health neg 497.txt i bought 8 size d 's for my boom box thinking it would be the answer to having to buy batteries every few camping trips . wrong answer . i was able to play 2 1 / 2 cds before my box was out of juice . game over . i realize these batteries lose their charge quickly by sitting around , but these batteries were fresh off the charger when i left . i figured they 'd at least last into the night , but they were finished before sundown . do n't believe anyone who says these are for high drain devices.. . i got fooled . fool me once , shame on you . we ca n't get fooled again 
books pos 347.txt the purpose of nessus is to provide an open source solution for network auditing on all unix like systems . this book not only details using nessus but also comes with a cd containing the program , as well as ethereal , snort , and newt ( a port of the program to the windows environment ) . what is a network assessment ? at its basic level it is an attempt to detect a live system and then identify the computing environment , services , applications , and vulnerabilities on that system . basically there are two types of assessment - internal and external . an internal assessment is done over the local network and external is done from outside the lan . nessus will do both types and the book details how to do either , or both of them . the authors do an excellent job of detailing installation , setup , and how to interpret the results of a scan as well as various factors that can affect the report . one of the parts not to be missed is the discussion of not only the benefits but also the potential problems of scanning your system . some of the vulnerability types scanned for include buffer overflows , default passwords , backdoors , information leaks , and denial of service . the nessus scripting language is covered in detail in appendix a instead of the main portion of the book ; a choice i appreciated very much as it allowed the flow of the book to not be interrupted by such a highly technical section . with open source products there generally is no organized technical support phone number you can call of help . so , the authors include information on how to get help via the nessus user community , mailing lists , and archives . nessus network auditing is a highly recommended book for anyone interested in auditing their network to find potential problems before they become reality 
health neg 495.txt the topmost review described these batteries as " aa in a d package , " which is entirely correct . what certain loser battery brands like energizer do is put a aa battery in a d-sized sleeve , thereby hoodwinking unwary consumers into purchasing an inferior product that holds a much smaller ( approx 2500 mah ) charge than a " normal " d cell ( 9000+ mah . ) fortunately , these bogus d cells are easy to spot if the manufacturer prints the maximum charge on the packaging- -that is , 2000-2500 mah , which is aa cell territory . additionally , the fakes are much lighter than the genuine article- -inside is mostly air . too bad i mistakenly bought a package of these . i 'll have to settle for consoling myself by boycotting energizer for the rest of time . ( ... 
dvd neg 33.txt i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands 
books pos 596.txt this is ann waldron 's best mcleod dulaney mystery yet . the characters are so lively and well-drawn they literally walk right off the page ( and , in some cases , right into your heart ) . the setting- -the princeton theological seminary- -is perfect ( a perfect place for a murder , that is ) , and the plot is downright diabolical . are you in the mood for some humorous , mysterious and sinfully well-written fun ? then do yourself a favor and read this delightful book 
health neg 320.txt i am a male . i did a search and this item showed up for men . however , it is way too long for a man unless he is yao ming . it looked like i was wearing a skirt and came down several inches below my knees . i am 5'10 " tall . also the light wieght microfiber terry was a drawback . it clings to you and builds up a lot of static electricity . i will not ever buy another product made of this material 
music neg 192.txt can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( " encore " , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here 
health neg 818.txt conair just really does not make great hair straighteners . i bought the full size one before , and without warning it just quit working after a 2 months . i have a revlon full-size one now ( which works great ) . i recently got my hair cut short , so i decided to go buy a cheap small one to reach the short hair in the back . turn the turbo on , blast it up to the highest temperature , and it still is not even half as hot as my revlon one thats turned on minimum . i have really thin hair , and its not even curly it just gets wavy sometimes . this thing cant even straighten that much 
dvd neg 469.txt this sequel to a horror classic started out ok , but by the middle , none of it mattered anymore , i even got a bit tired of the well done gore effects because i had to sit through scenes of a severed [...] and rat duking it out ! the original " reanimator " is a great flick to see if you want excellent and original gore effects as well as a creepy storyline , but this sequel just stinks 
health neg 680.txt this one 's going back to the store . it has been turned on for almost half an hour and i barely feel the heat . if you ask me , my feet in some thick socks would produce the same amount of heat . as for the " massage " , it 's worthless to me , but i am not one for vibrating massage anyway , i prefer shiatsu . i get cold feet when i am home and not moving around a lot , so i think i will stick to wrapping my electric throw blanket around my cold feet 
dvd neg 849.txt i waited over 30 years to see this film , and now that i have - - i 'm glad i waited that long . its glaring defects might not have been so obvious to me 30 years ago . nicholas , alexandra , their daughters , their son , the people surrounding them - - not only are they not fictional , but thanks to the era in which they lived , they were photographed , we know what they actually looked like . so who on earth did the casting ? ! it was impossible to tell one grand duchess from another , and as for alexandra - - in the first few scenes , i had trouble distinguishing the actress from someone in drag . janet suzman was the worst casting flub of all , unless you count the stilted manner in which michael jayston delivered his lines . what a stiff and boring character he makes nicholas to be . yet there are photos extant of nicholas smiling as he played with his children . nicholas was also portrayed as obsessed with holding on to his power as tsar . but in the robert massie book after which the movie was purportedly modeled , it was very clear that nicholas was acutely aware of his responsibilities to the russian people , as well as to his family , and above all his son , the future tsar . there was nothing exceptional about his behavior ; most of europe at the time was ruled by kings and queens , and to all of them , the thought of losing their thrones was simply unthinkable . yet this film falls into the trap most of us do , of judging history not on the basis of its own terms , but with our usual spectacularly accurate 20 / 20 hindsight . having been fed soviet propaganda for 75 years , we have it entrenched in our minds that nicholas was an extremely poor ruler . that 's the stunning success of the massie book , that someone who had absolutely no connection to russians , and no connection to royalty save for the one coincidence of both their sons having hemophilia , was able to overcome the general ( and erroneous ) " knowledge " of his time and write the kind of sympathetic biography of this family that was long lacking . the movie , on the other hand , makes nicholas look petty , and alexandra slightly over the edge . one petty anachronism was the scene that showed the royal family praying just prior to nicholas 's sending off his troops into world war i . it was badly researched , to the point of ludicrousness . the tsars of russia were all orthodox christians . orthodox christianity has its own very distinctive music ; in fact , russian orthodox chant is very different from greek orthodox chant . so what kind of background music did the director choose ? gregorian , of course ! can we at least *strive* for a little authenticity ? ! apparently not . massie wrote in considerable detail about the attitude of the romanovs towards their captors , how their guards had to be changed every three or so months because they kept winning over the bolsheviks : " you are n't anything like what we thought , " was the most frequently quoted comment on the subject . the movie showed nothing of that . well - - in the end , it was this exact trait of graciousness and consideration towards their captors that ended up getting the romanov family canonized in the russian orthodox church . that movement was well underway by 1971 ; i wonder , if the directors and producers had done a little more thorough research , if the film would have been a tad more sympathetic to these five people caught between two worlds and two cultures . all in all , purchasing the movie was a waste of money . maybe the bolsheviks over at the university 's russian department will appreciate my donating it - - that way , others can get to see it without wasting their money 
software pos 316.txt i 've been using wordperfect for about 25 years and it keeps getting better . it is the best word processor by far . so many things are better than microsoft 's word processors . importing graphics , mail labels , and especially reveal codes to name a few . 
music pos 608.txt i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan 
music neg 472.txt this completely lacks the charm and subtlety of the original . overblown , overproduced mackintosh garbage . if he could have found an excuse to land a helicopter on the stage , i 'm sure he would n't have hesitated . mr. banks has been turned into a one dimensional clown and his songs have all been changed for the worst . and the omission of " sister suffragettes " smacks of pc nonsense 
software neg 703.txt i am a retired senior software engineer ( web development ) . i 've used many antivirus / malware packages both at work and at home . this is the absolute worst . after installing it , i got popup virus alerts from bitdefender every 10 seconds . no kidding . i could n't believe it . i previously had a copy of norton antivirus 5 on my computer which is highly reliable ( not like the latest version ) . i tried bitdefender based on the reviews below which were obviously written by people with less than standard operating systems . i use a pc with windows xp sp2 and ie6 ( ie7 is still buggy ) . although multiple runs of bitdefender show absolutely no viruses or malware on my system , i continue to get these popup " virus alerts " every 10 seconds when i browse the internet , which is way more irritating than anything norton ever did to my computer . in addition , it drags my computer to almost a screeching halt when i go to a web page i have n't been to in more than a day , sometimes even the ones i just went to an hour ago . i find this truly irritating and went to bitdefender 's website and tried their online chat . " jack " was completely worthless . he told me to completely wipe out my cookies , as well as a lot of other useful files for no apparent reason other than he 's probably not named jack , but something like vishnu and this was the first thing on a long list of things to tell people to do . very useless . not recommended for anyone . try to get an old copy of norton antivirus 5 and pay for the update feature ( $20 per year ) . much better than this garbage . in addition , there are virtually no options to customizing this product . you 're stuck with what they think is necessary ( like automatically deleting internet files you may need- -like shopping carts ) . it literally cripples your computer . 
health pos 810.txt bumble & bumble products are a special " me " treat for pampering . the shampoo is mild and keeps my long , permed hair in great shape 
software pos 528.txt purchased my dazzle recorder from amazon stocked items and found it to be just as advertised . the dazzle performs as advertised and a very reliable method of recording movies . it is very simple to install and operate . i bought this dazzle for my daughter and now will order one for myself 
camera pos 689.txt one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife 
dvd pos 537.txt as if this set could be anything but five stars ! ! ! barbra streisand - four of her films on their dvd debut - her own commentary - oy vey ! order it now and plan a vacation day for the day after you get delivery 
books pos 421.txt this is a cleverly constructed book of several parts and a few recurring motifs . jones , a welsh methodist , everton fc supporter , london hack and oxford ( arts ? ) graduate , goes to live in parma , italy where his beloved has established herself . he divides his book into nine separate chapters and tries to weave them together as well as his excellent english and his motifs will allow . the first chapter discusses nuances of the italian language and he uses those nuances to propound that italy is a much more nuanced country than england and that its culture is infinitely more refined . an entire chapter brings the nuances of italian culture to bear on football and he waxes very lyrical about the local youth and whatever immigrants are around playing ball as the sun goes down . the football allows us to place italian village life in our minds and to empathize very much with it . the last chapter is an entire ode to italy . it is written largely in the second person and it tells of " you " going through the village and everything there appealing to the aesthetic in " you " . the english is beautiful and it achieves its purpose in making you close the book with a warm glow . mission accomplished . the chapter on italy 's catholic religion and its protestant and other minorities could have done with much improvement . italy 's catholicism is more complicated than the padre pio cult and the protestants of the north surely have their faults as well . the chapter looks like it came from several previous publications he wrote . the politics chapters build on the hypothesis that the fascist and proto communist factions are still at war with each other and that politicians like berlusconi exploit this for their own nefarious ends . he does a good job of tying the warring world war two factions in with the protagonists and antagonists of later squabbles . he does not like berlusconi and his polished prose does not quite hide this fact . my opinion of this book is that jones sat down with his material and tied it all together into a very passable but rather superficial book which is nevertheless well worth the money being charged . 
books neg 521.txt the author of this book , warren wagar , is apparently a professor of " future studies . " i certainly hope he has long been fired from that post . " a short history of the future " was written in 1989 , but the writer is so ignorant of politics , and so wrong , to be blunt , it reads as if it was written in the 1940's . orwell 's 1984 is more on the mark than this . he shows barely any creativity in his " predictions " and clearly was barely even aware of much of the contemporary political developments of his time . the fact that he assumes the soviet union will continue plodding along well into the 21st century is incredibly naive . the fact that he assumes the nation 's socialist economy system would survive equally long is similarly bizarre . did he read the newspapers ? did he pay any attention to that gorbachev fellow and the path he was bringing russia down ? and honestly , did anyone really expect that germany would remain divided into two states until time immortal ? or that latin america and africa would remain dictatorships forever ? or that black rule in south africa would not occur until 2014 ? if this book had been written 30 or 40 ago , it would be excusable . this book is just sloppy . he does n't even do a good job describing how his corporations take over the world . everything is just described in these overly flowery sweeping generalizations . like " and then the capital lords seized control of the governments and made the state wither like an autumn rose . " that sort of thing . the author is clearly an " ivory tower " academic who believes history can be predicted sorely through dry marxist theory and analyzing dubious vague " trends . " the fact that this book became horribly dated something like three years after it was published is quite a strong indictment of a man whose entire job was devoted to predicting the future . 
books pos 173.txt carlton mellick the 3rd 's " punk land " ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel " satan burger " ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g. allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the " pbr pogo joust " advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time 
dvd neg 830.txt this is a nice item to add to a collection of d&d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never " compelled " by the story . i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game. . 
dvd pos 242.txt i saw this show on logo . boy i loved it . i wish i was there 
camera pos 54.txt i 'd be stating the obvious and preaching to the choir if i said that care of lenses for slr cameras required a decent lens cap . this one snaps into 58mm threads on the end of many lenses ( canon and otherwise ) , so just be sure to confirm that that it 's the proper size for your lens 
music pos 234.txt trace adkins has set them up and knocked them down once more ! can trace ever produce any music that sounds bad ? his low deep bass voice continues to tickle our ears and the message of the songs he chooses to put together on cd continue to proclaim loud and strong that he loves everything in life from his dog to his woman to his god ! i strongly recommend that everyone has trace 's latest cd in their collection ! a big ten-four in my cd player 
camera neg 56.txt the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it 
books pos 8.txt the best book on the history of world war ii that i 've read in a long time . the title has three meanings : 1. it can refer to the gunner at the back of a bomber . the brits called these people ' rear gunners . ' the yanks used the term ' tail gunner . ' it 's the most dangerous position in the plane . 2. the last plane in the formation . this was more true in the american combat box than in british usage . this position is difficult to hold because it is at the end of a string and every move by the lead ship propagates irregularily through the formation . it is also more dangerous as enemy fighters can attack this ship more easily since there are n't so many guns pointing that direction . 3. it can refer to the bombing missions near the end of the war . this splendid book covers all three of these meanings . in addition it does an excellent job of discussing the power and importance of air power in the defeat of germany 
dvd pos 366.txt this is one of the best animes i 've ever seen what does it for me is the same people that drew cowboy bebop has now drawn wolf 's rain . i love the music played in the series that 's why they made a cd came along with also a stuff amimal wolf . i wish their was a second season cause i began to love the show 
dvd neg 896.txt a review by the students in ent 201 , insects on film ( clemson university , clemson , sc ) spring 2005 when better to meet your new man than while saving the world from giant radioactive grasshoppers ! that 's what happened to audrey ames in beginning of the end. the black and white movie , produced in 1957 , takes place in a small illinois town called ludlow , near the big city of chicago . the main character , audrey , is a persistent reporter who discovers a new and interesting story on her way to write about a lackluster flying demonstration . on her way to the flying demo , she is stopped at a roadblock in the town of ludlow , illinois . it seems that the town has been mysteriously destroyed overnight ! following a lead , audrey goes to the u.s. department of agriculture and meets with the project director named dr. ed wainwright in order to find out more about what happened . dr. wainwright tells audrey about a wheat factory that was demolished in the same area before the destruction of ludlow . ed , audrey and ed 's co-worker , frank , go to investigate the abandoned grain bins . while they are there , a locust comes from the woods and eats ed 's co-worker . they finally realize what is destroying the towns and eating the people-although it 's a little too late for poor frank johnson . determined to resolve the problem , the military enlists the help of dr. wainwright , who tries to find a sound frequency that mimics the sound grasshoppers make before they attack . the viewer of this film will be held in utter suspense , until , at a climatic moment , dr. wainwright discovers the right frequency and saves the city of chicago from the military 's impending drop of an atom bomb . the sound is broadcast from a boat in a lake outside of chicago and the sound attracts the grasshoppers to the lake . as the grasshoppers follow the luring sound , they eventually end up in the lake where they meet a watery death . the city of chicago is safe and everyone lives happily ever after ( except , sadly , those who were eaten alive by the radioactive grasshoppers ) . while this movie has extremely entertaining moments , such as when the grasshoppers scale the skyscrapers of chicago looking for food-the movie , in general , is a b attempt at science fiction . also , the movie was produced during the 1950s , resulting in minimal attempts at realistic special effects . the special effects are entertaining at best and add humor more than substance to the movie . the viewer also might be left with several questions after watching this movie-like why ca n't the national guard protect the citizens from grasshoppers ? or , why is it more funny than tragic when dr. wainwright 's deaf / mute assistance gets eaten alive by a grasshopper ? on a scientific or scholarly level , the movie has several errors . the most important error , in the entomological sense , is the noise that the grasshoppers make throughout the movie . to make the noise that they did in the movie , they would need wings . in the movie though , the characters say that the grasshoppers could not fly because they did n't have wings . also , the scientist indicates that the giant vegetables were produced through radioactivity , which allows for photosynthesis to occur both day and night . for photosynthesis to occur , light must be present , thus raising the question of how the vegetables could continue to expand during the darkness of night . the inability of the grasshoppers to burn in the fires set by the military reflects an error as well . in reality , grasshoppers are highly flammable because of their wax-like coating . finally , the plot as a whole is completely unrealistic and so bizarre that the movie should be placed in the comedy ( opposed to science fiction ) genre . while clemson university research may have led to the evacuation of mole crickets from golf course greens , using technological concepts similar to those presented in the movie , the likelihood that radioactive grasshoppers would eat hundreds of people is improbable . beginning of the end is an amusing movie to watch ! the acting is traditional of the sci-fi movies of the era . the special effects are mediocre , but the humor , in retrospect , is delightful . if you are a fan of cheesy sci-fi suspense movies , give this flick a try ! you will not be disappointed . who knows-maybe you 'll learn something that could save the world the next time we are attacked by radioactive bugs 
books pos 870.txt the snow goose is a beautifully written book that lingers in the memory long after the hour or so that it takes to read . set on the coast of england at the time of dunkirk , it is less about the strife of wwii itself than about its three main characters - one of whom is the snow goose - and what binds them . it is a story about nature , love , and nobility of spirit . to say more would be to give too much away . but it has had a place on my bookshelf for decades , and i reread it when i need to be reminded what is important in life 
dvd pos 394.txt the absolute fore runner to the musical / movie chicago ! if you love music , dancing and a poinant story with great acting...this is it 
health neg 904.txt very simple review - the hair dryer worked fine for a little over a month , then it didn't . save your box if you buy this , you may need to return it 
books neg 17.txt i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in 2001 , then it was a mere idea . from that time on , until august 20th 2002 , i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time . i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title : " let freedom ring " with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover , patriot that he is , but also a flag . i loved it , could n't be more happy . well , the day of the book 's release , i took a day off work ( i 've never missed a day of work before in my life ) , and rushed to get this book . it looked better than i ever imagined . with the flag on the cover and the title of " let freedom ring , " i thought , finally , technology has caught up to our patriotism . i expected a book filled with flags , flags with sound effects . maybe some firework sound effects . boy was i wrong . i opened the book only to the colors black and white . no red . no blue . no stars and stripes . i quickly turned the pages , looking , searching for flags . i found none , no sound effects either , no fireworks . at that point , i went into a 4 year long depression . i nearly committed suicide at several points . it 's only now that i can bring myself to review this man 's book , patriot that he is . i say this so you know what you 're getting yourself into . there are no flags , no stars and stripes , no fireworks , no sound effects . i have since recovered , but only because of old stars and stripes . i went back to teaching last year , not fully recovered , and my colleagues , knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes , suggested i have my class do a research project : find the most patriotic book ever made . the methodoloy was simple : a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high , a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest . we found some very good books and they did cheer me up . the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called " president jesus : how jesus wrote the constitution , freed the slaves , and won world war ii . " its published by a small church in texas . i was very proud of my students for finding it . it has brought countless joy to my life . along with the book , made entirely out of a flag , with flag pictures , and written in blue and red ink , you get a giant flag . i 'm not sure of the dimensions , but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck . i 've draped it over my house and it covers it completely . people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house . now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time , smiling . 
health pos 123.txt i really like this product because it 's compact and easy to use . now that would n't be important if it did n't work properly , but it does , so i have everything in one small , easy-to-carry package . that 's a valuable feature for one who 's on the go as much as i am . the greatest thing about this product is that it 's accurate ; i always take it to the dr 's office with me and compare his results with the results of this dynamite little monitor . i liked it so well , after i tried it , i went back and bought one for a friend who was recently diagnosed with high blood pressure . highly recommended , but i also recommend that you compare your results with your doctor's . after all , it 's only a machine ... and like cars , you can always get a " lemon . 
health neg 438.txt i found this razor as the same as the other ones . do n't let them lie to you when you heard that this is the best one . the only cool part about it is that it has a small razor in the back that help the delicate areas like under the nose , et 
camera neg 475.txt i owned this sony for a single day before i returned it to amazon . first off , it records in mpeg2 format which is fairly compressed , and looks it once you upload to your computer . it is also not natively supported on the mac without a 20$ additional quicktime mpeg2 plugin . which has to be converted before editing . which makes it a slow , tedious affair . also , the included software is , surprise , pc only . other problems , not computer related - the chroma shift in " night mode " is intense , making the healthiest of complexions appear sickly . i 'm not expectant of miracles in night modes , but it seems like a simple solution on the production side ( sony ) . the auto white balance could also use the same attention . like the previous reviewer pointed out , not a bad camera for the money if you 're not serious about editing and you 're using a pc . the lcd touch screen is a nice addition and easy to use . all in all , i would go for a canon 
books pos 288.txt i just recently discovered an interest in philosophical thought , and i found myself overwhelmed by all the resources available to me . i had no idea where to start when i stumbled across the philosophy gym . nothing could have been more appropriate . it dives right into all the hot topics and gave me some foundational knowledge about how to approach those issues from a logical standpoint . it introduces the reader to basic philosophical terminology as well as several of the great historical philosophers and their famous arguments . each topic is brilliantly presented in nice bite-sized chunks with suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter . i could n't be more pleased with this intro to philosophy 
dvd pos 368.txt the is a tragic but very true to life depiction of the degradation caused by addiction to individuals , families , and society . the film is graphic in its depiction of addiction , but as an addiction counselor , who is an addict and alcoholic in recovery , it is very close to actual tragic events i have seen in the world of addiction . the emotionally disturbing events that take place in the lives of the main characters are exactly the very real things that addiction counselors are seeking to prevent . these events are the end of untreated or unchecked addiction for far too many . unfortunately , even though some of the content may be offensive to some , it is a starkly true depiction of what the reality for some addicts becomes . even though the film may leave one emotionally upset for a time , it is a worthwhile film to break through false pretenses about addiction 's final results and the glossing over of the degradation addiction can and does lead to in real life . watch and learn the truth about severe addiction 
software pos 143.txt with plenty of opportunity to be creative . the only downfall is that there is no way to download more cards from the internet . all in all though , i would highly recommend this software 
health pos 762.txt i had a horrible cold , felt like complete #### but i had to work . this little two ounce vitamin b shot knocked the crappy feeling outta me and i was able to get some work done . there really is no crash and the taste is n't that bad . ..it tastes like a melted freeze pop . note : it may give you the jitters if you drink it on an empty stomach 
software neg 564.txt background - senior it professional . i have been a quicken user for well over a decade and have always been very happy with the product until the 2007 version . first , let me point out a couple of things to like about this version : - the interface ; seems to depend on the eye of the beholder , but i for one find it pleasing and useful . - the ability to append notes and check images to a transaction . i love this feature . - the cash flow dashboard and the calendar now for the caveat : if you depend a great deal on downloading transactions using webconnect , prepare for a great deal of frustration and disappointment . this feature used to work reliably in all other versions . in version 2007 it is prone to quit with a notice that there has been a " quicken server outage " that prevented the download from succeeding . these occurrences are sporadic . scores of users are reporting this on the support forums and elsewhere ; i have seen no hint of a response or explanation from intuit . horror stories about tech support at intuit have kept me away from that venue , though at some point i 'll call just to see what happens . i upgraded to 2007 from a very solid and dependable quicken 2006 , and this issue alone has made me wish that i hadn't . weighing the new features against the new bugs i would have to say that i do not recommend purchasing this version at this time 
dvd neg 141.txt this movie was only slightly better than your basic horror cliche ; the nuclear testing / mutant premise seemed promising , but all the main characters were stupid / annoying . seemingly to make up for the lack of interesting characters , the script-writers / director threw in lots of unnecessary gore . for the most part , though , the special effects were at least well-done ; however , a few of the effects were somewhat misguided . for instance , blood on bodies that have been sitting out for awhile in the hot desert is red ; would n't it dry to brown very shortly in that kind of heat ? ? acting was mediocre . i 've never seen the original , so i cannot say whether this is better or worse . the movie is not for the faint-of-heart simply because of the gore , but it definitely was n't very scary . two stars 
software neg 585.txt i read previous reviews about not being able to run the program because the computer recognized it as a copied disk . i thought this could n't possibly happen on my high tech computer.. . i was wrong.. . even though i purchased a legitamate copy , the program still would not let me run it... . buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! 
books pos 269.txt the penguin guide is still the best in the business . it has its biases but you ca n't beat its comprehensiveness and the reviewers wide range and love of the music are evident 
books pos 590.txt my daughter at u of m got me interested in the rwandan crisis and was just vacationing in canada and picked up this book by a canadian general who was leading the un effort in rwanda during the genocide and what a tragedy this was and remains . i didnt walk away thinking this guy was a great general but he had the guts and the commitment to right to stay in spite of the ineptitude of the united nations and cofi anan who was in a key role at the time . the tragedy of what the free world stood by and let happen is nearly unsurpassed , probably only by the jews extermination in wwii . if you have any interest in the world happenings and think you have faith in the united nations just buy this and read it - we need change . 
software pos 956.txt it 's a great product . especially for someone like me who works long hours and no chance of getting to take a language class formally , this is the way to go ! thank you 
software pos 201.txt i was waiting for cs2 after using the cs . there are too many problems in cs . and i am very happy with cs2 now . the software is a lot easier to use , less problems . i have been using illustrator since illustrator 4. cs2 is definitly better than ever ! 
health neg 671.txt too hard to use . so i paid $50 for an $18 hairdryer ; maybe if i watched the video , i could use it bette 
health neg 263.txt do n't waste your money on this size . go ahead and get the 19 x 39 towel . the absorbency is good but there 's no way it will fit around a head . also , i 'm not sure what to do with the snap that is attached either 
camera pos 315.txt i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it 
dvd pos 15.txt i was one of those that never got a chance to sit down during the live broadcast to watch live 8 and certainly regretted that . however , i was fortunate enough to find this copy at amazon and it 's been everything i had expected and more . i 'm a huge pink floyd fan and their performance alone was worth the price of the box set not to mention all of the other fantastic performances . i would highly recommend this box set to any music fan from any generation- -truly a " must have " for anyone 's collection ! 
health pos 931.txt i installed this unit in my basement about 6 months ago , and it has been working flawlessly ever since . things i noticed : if the power goes out , the unit will not turn back on automatically ( as some other units do . ) if you want to use the continuous drainage ( which i highly recommend ) via a hose , you have to punch out a plastic disc on the side of the unit . i would have designed a screw-type plug that was replacable , but they did n't think of that . anyway , once you punch the quarter-size disc out it 's out forever . if you choose to use the continuous drainage feature , you will need to pick up a hose with an inner diameter of 15mm ( .59 " or just over half an inch . ) i went to the local diy center and found some clear tubing that has worked well . the unit can operate down to 2-degrees c ( 36-degrees f ) , which will be great for continuous operation in the garage to keep the tools from rusting . has three fan settings : med , high and quiet . " quiet " really is quiet , and could probably work just fine in a bedroom . though , it does warm the room it 's in . how much it warms it depends on the humidity setting . four settings : the humidty level ( humidstat ) can be set to " continuous dehumidification " ( which is the default setting ) , 50% , 60% and 70%. the fan will continue to run but the dehumidification processor will turn off when it reaches the selected humidity level . cool . i mean , that 's when the fan will just blow room-temp air . a full drainage tank will stop the unit and illuminate a " tank full " indicator light . the unit is not that heavy - - maybe for some , but not nearly as heavy as some people make it sound . it 's 30.8 pounds . according to the instructions : you will need at least 21 cm ( about 8 inches ) of clearance in front , behind and side to side . air blows out of the top of the unit , so you 'll need to make sure it 's clear as well . there are movable louvers on the top to direct the air straight up , 45-degrees or almost straight ahead . power consumption : cfm-25e is 220w / / cfm-40e is 330w i highly recommend this model dehumidifier 
music pos 673.txt i do n't like this album as much as their earlier stuff . i have liked each release less than the previous , and this one falls right in line with that trend . the opener & quot ; quality revenge . . . &quot ; is one of their best songs hands down , though . this is a very good cd , but the farther from braid we get in time the less i seem to like their music 
software pos 664.txt this cd is a must have ! you cannot afford to not buy it . the information is comprehensive and easy to follow . the format is perfectly set up.. . you can review a section many times if needed . every family and individual in america should view this cd to know what to do when a terrorist attack occurs.. . not if , but when , it occurs . for instance , before watching this cd i had no idea you could use regular household items like dish soap or bleach to remove radioactive materials from your skin , but these items will make chemical burns worse . i feel much better having this knowledge from the cd , and this is just one example of the useful and critical information i learned . the preparation checklists on the cd are awesome for planning ahead . knowledge will be powerful in protecting yourself and your family in the event of another attack 
camera pos 444.txt after buying this camera i was pleased for the most part , as the interface is extremely simple and the picture quality is very good . it 's a sleek , smooth design with minimal buttons , thus little confusion . there are 3 things , however , that i 'm not happy with . one is that it takes double a batteries , and eats them up really fast . the second thing is that there 's no secondary viewfinder , just the lcd screen . the lcd screen is large , which is great. . but this is why the battery life is so low . you ca n't turn the lcd screen off , so batteries go fast . the third and final thing i dislike about it is that there 's no ac adaptor , so whenever you plug your camera into the computer or the tv , not using it to take pictures , you have to run it on batteries . that is , unless you somehow find a compatible 3 volt ac plug , which is neither on the vivitar website , or anywhere else online that i can find made specifically for this camera . i 'm a little upset that it came with no adapter , as that would be so useful for a camera that eats up batteries . i reccomend rechargibles if you 're going to get this camera 
camera neg 258.txt no eye piece cover - you put your eye on a hard surface hard to focus hard to find objects i lost a pair similar to these that were much better 
software pos 823.txt i have used this product for about 5 years . it is easy to use and alot cheaper than having your taxes done by someone else . i especially would recommend it to any small business owner 
software pos 523.txt kind of expensive , but did n't come with my new laptop and i needed the word doc's . works awesome and i get to do power point with it . i 'm sure it will be easier to use than later models . overall , great product 
camera neg 116.txt this camera is incredibly frustrating . i must admit that under ideal lighting conditions outdoors on a moderate to fully sunny day , the camera takes wonderful pictures . however , photos using indooor and mixed lighting conditions leave alot to be desired . if you want to take any indoor pictures with natural light , this is not the camera for you . the reason being is that if the flash is not activated or the lighting is not perfect , the camera slows down the shutter speed considerably . since the camera does not have very good image stabilization ( if any ) indoor pictures are blurry unless you have the hands of a surgeon . of course you can use the flash , but then your subject will be overlit , while the background is pitch dark . and forget about taking long range pictures indoors ( i.e. at a graduation ceremony or wedding ) because if the flash is on , you will get a black picture because the camera does not compensate the shutter speed for distance , it only adjusts to whether or not it thinks the flash is on . if it is off , your picture will be blurred because the shutter stays open for 1-2 seconds . since i take alot of indoor pictures , this camera is worthless to me . if you only plan to take outdoor pictures in ideal light , this is the camera for you . if you want to do any natural light photography , forget it . 
camera neg 366.txt i purchased the wp-dc700 underwater case for my a70 and followed the directions exactly , oiling the gasket and cleaning it after each use . it leaked and ruined my month old camera . customer service was rude , blamed me and then tried to bargain with me to fix it for $190 instead of the $280 that they initially requested . the underwater case has a 7 day waranty and the camera is not covered for water damage . my father had a similar problem with his $1000 nikon digital which just stopped working for no aparent reason , they claimed it was water damage and tried to bargain with him to buy a rebuilt one for $500. so beware of bad customer service . canon 's customer service has all bad unreasolved reviews at the better business burea 
dvd pos 187.txt fraser 's film is truly a winner in production quality . his attention to detail by bringing in his theatrical savvy is a nonpareil . despite all the cliches that can be stated about this film ; eye-candy performers , lighting , fantastic musical score , and riske scenes , this film has visually appealing sequences . if anyone is interested in film and theatrical production , i would highly recommend the director 's commentary-you really get an insight to an artist in process . from the commentary , it seems that fraser will never be finished with this film : a mentale that i admire in an artist . art is a process and is never perfect . this is another one of those great modern plays that works very well for the film . getting to the roots of the human psyche is something films should continue into the future . this film does explore the 3 dimensionality of people . i did have a problem with the didacticism of the script however . though most writers try to leave it up to the audience to decide , i feel that the script gave little regard for wives who are victims of their husbands having gay affairs . i had to agree with another reviewer who titled his review as " selfish gay guy ruins a marriage " . ( on the other hand , cherilee taylor did a great job in combating this fault with the script ; she was n't quite the victim her character ultimately could have become . ) by the end of the film , i was wondering how violet was making it as a once again as single woman . from an audience 's standpoint , we did n't really see that . david and kryla make up , matt goes to illustration school , but what happens to violet ? overall , i would highly recommend this film . with such a great interpretation on the screen , it would be nice to see this staged once again in the lort theatres . 
dvd neg 31.txt this product was a bad choice for me . it was a poorly done product . it was washed out , the quality , both audio and video was terrible . it was not enjoyable to watch . the packaging was cheap quality . i should have known better . pay more and get a nice set , and a better product . do n't try and save a few dollars if you want something to enjoy . paper sleeves make for a cheap copy . 
camera neg 548.txt i purchased this for my wife for valentine 's day . the installation went fine but i have two problems with the device . first , the software to do the picture transfers is awful . you can only select pictures on your computer to download - you ca n't see what photos are on the device in the software . in order to delete photos you have to do it manually from the device itself . i checked the webpage for updated software - no joy . the crop feature is nice ( and well used ) but otherwise i feel like i am looking at a windows 3.1 application . second , the image quality on the device is very poor . i did n't have very high expectations , but this was lower than i expected . reminds me of the picture / screen quality in the very first color cell phone screens , maybe a bit worse . you can make out the picture , but not much detail at all . the advice of cropping the photos to only show headshots is an excellent idea , it 's the only way to get a decent picture . overall , i 'm a little disapointed . but then , you get what you pay for. . 
software pos 569.txt essential for microsoft office 2007 users running windows vista . office 2007 already provides a pdf converter ; however , it does not allow for security , editing , or markup . pdf converter does- -and without the tech support hassles at adobe . since my new hp computer came with adobe reader already installed in the vista environment , i kept it as the default pdf reader , and i use pdf converter professional for actual , stand alone conversion or editing of pdf documents . pdf converter had a very easy custom install feature . i disabled all microft office , internet explorer , and outlook add-ins , and i installed the product . it all works together extremely well . 
dvd pos 770.txt ray sawyer ( rick cramer ) , agnes bruckner ( eden ) , laura ramsey ( rachel ) , jonathan jackson ( eric ) , and d.j. cotrana ( sean ) star in this scary and bloody slasher movie . eric and eden are going through any typical teen romance ; going steady one minute , broken up the next . eden works at a local truck stop as a waitress . one evening , ray pulls into the truck stop to get some food . known as the local nut case , ray has few friends and owns a filling station on the edge of town . later that same evening , ray comes upon eric and eden on a lonely bridge . swerving to miss eric 's jeep , ray instead crashes into an on-coming car . the impact of the crash sends the car slamming through the guardrail of the bridge . the car is now teetering precariously on the side of the bridge . ray jumps from his truck and goes to the aid of the woman inside the car . after pulling her to safety , ray goes back inside to retrieve a suitcase that the woman told him about . however , both ray and the car tumble over the side of the bridge and into the water below . to make matters worse , the suitcase is full of poisonous snakes , who immediately begin striking at ray . all that can be heard are ray 's screams as the car sinks . ray 's body is pulled from the water and taken to the local morgue . but it does n't remain there for long . it seems that the woman in the car was a voodoo priestess , and the snakes were used to " cleanse " people by drawing the evil out of them . now , the evil venom is flowing through ray . now begins a bloodbath of carnage as ray , possessed by the power of the evil venom flowing through him , begins to stalk unsuspecting victims . one by one , he exacts his revenge on eden 's friends until only eden remains . who will win this final showdown ; ray or eden ? i 've always been a big fan of slasher-type films , and characters like freddy from the " nightmare on elm street " series , as well as jason from " friday the 13th " . ray sawyer fits the mold of the typical slasher perfectly . the motives are the same ; kill as many teenagers as possible , and ray succeeds in this very well . i thought the story involving voodoo was well-conceived . the special effects were good , too . i recommend this movie to horror and slasher fans . although the movie is short ( only about 80 minutes ) , there 's lots of slashing in a short amount of time . if you enjoy a good slasher flick , then do n't miss " venom " . 
books neg 969.txt i have yet to read this book , however , so far the ***** average rating is quite suspicious.. . each one of the three *****-reviewers , does not have a single other review in their profile . i am at the stage where i am trying to learn as much as possible about spreads ' trading , so i would greatly appreciate if someone who actually has real-life experience trading futures spreads and who has also read this book , to do everyone of the rest of us a favor , and post an honest review - please , we need a counterbalance to the nonsense posted by those who are most likely associated w / the author or his publisher. . 
dvd neg 195.txt i cannot believe this is billed as a baby video . the images have nothing to do with the music and give absolutely no learning or development value . i personally like the baby miracle series of videos that give a great baby sized bible message while being very interactive with my baby . 
health pos 940.txt purchased as a christmas gift for a friend who uses this product , he was excited to receive this . i was excited that i was able to purchase it at a considerable savings over department store prices . this same product in a smaller size retails for $45- $55 locally and i was able to purchase him a larger bottle for less than $30. this particular item by davidoff is not always easy to find and i was glad to not only find it here but to find it at such a reasonable price 
health pos 154.txt this replaced a similar wrist cuff meter which i was not happy with . the old meter would give very different readings on measurements made minutes apart . this meter yields essentially the same numbers for second measurements . out of curiosity , i took it with me to my doctors office , used his large cuff ( i have very large arms ) and compared the readings to his equipment . total difference was about 3% , a quite acceptable tolerance for my home measurement . another reviewer was unhappy with the screen size and position on the bottom of the wrist . if the unit is operated as shown in the instructions , the screen size and position are perfect , the unit is at heart level , and is quite easy to read . overall , for home use and serious data collection and blood pressure monitoring , i like this device 
music pos 928.txt this is a fabulous cd and exactly what i was looking for . i 'm also thrilled that it has an accompanying book with all the sheet music . i am leading a seder this year for a church group who has never heard any of the songs before , so i wanted the traditional melodies , easy to follow sheet music , and easy guitar chords . this is perfect ! i 'm so pleased 
dvd neg 972.txt first of all , who was the spastic genius who decided that concert films had to change camera angles every five seconds ? this is terribly anoying , especially when every third shot is of the same audience members . this may be fun for a home video , but not for a mass marketed commercial release . the dance hall crashers are an awesome band . much of the fun of seeing the dhc in concert is their highly kinetic stage presence . it would have been great if this dvd had concentrated on the band as a whole and not just different extreme closeups switched at a dizzying rate . and since the dhc are supposed to be the focus , why does the director insist on featuring so many shots of the audience ? it gets on your nerves . i love the dhc . their live cd has a permanent place on my playlist . but this horribly made dvd only made it through three songs . perhaps if i had been at the front of the stage that night , i would appreciate it more . 
books neg 767.txt i will not lash out against anyone , and i will not use specific names of individuals or organizations that replace the search for truth with a situationist relativism based on vainglorious , ostentatious egotism . that said , let me merely point out that the absence of necessary historiographical context makes jesus of nathareth 's solutions extremely difficult to accept . first off , it does n't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of jesus 's morals in general terms . if we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us , then we must provide a trenchant analysis of jesus 's codices . the key point here is that jesus 's older analects were deluded enough . his latest ones are undoubtedly beyond the pale . jesus 's peuplade appears to be growing in number . i indisputably pray that this is analogous to the flare-up of a candle just before extinction yet i keep reminding myself that jesus has found a way to avoid compliance with government regulations , circumvent any further litigation , and violate his pledge not to condemn innocent people to death - - all by trumping up a phony emergency . his desire to control your bank account , your employment , your personal safety , and your mind is the chief sign that he 's a slaphappy caitiff . ( the second sign is that jesus feels obliged to force me to undergo " treatment " to cure my " problem " . ) perhaps i 'm reading too much into jesus 's ravings , but they do n't seem to serve any purpose other than to destroy the natural beauty of our parks and forests . jesus 's prcis are pyrrhonism cloaked in the rhetoric of truculent , noxious feudalism . that 's pretty transparent . what 's not so transparent is the answer to the following question : does jesus 's oversized ego demand that he condone illegal activities ? a clue might be that every time he tries , jesus gets increasingly successful in his attempts to have a serious destabilizing effect on our institutions . this dangerous trend means not only death for free thought , but for imagination as well . jesus 's eccentricity is surpassed only by his vanity . and his vanity is surpassed only by his empty theorizing . ( remember his theory that the cure for evil is more evil ? ) jesus of nathareth has an agenda - - a political , social , and cultural agenda . and that 's all i have to say . 
music pos 370.txt this cd is absolutely wonderful . i am in australia so strawberry shortcake merchandise is not as readily available down here as it is in the usa , so you can imagine my daughters delight when this cd is being played . the songs are just gorgeous - i just wish they were a little longer . i thoroughly recommend this item to any little ss fans . 
dvd pos 832.txt grew up watching have gun will travel . very pleased to have it out on a dvd format . watched the first season and am very pleased . bought season 2 and season 3 also . anxiously awaiting 4 , 5 , and 6 
dvd neg 271.txt with the $70-million that was spent on the 2005 video-game-inspired film " doom " , you 'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly . on second thought , given that this predictable film was little more than 100 minutes of " shoot the mutants " , it 's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment . as to the film 's plot , it can be summarized in a single sentence : a group of ber-soldiers lead by their " sarge " ( played by the rock ) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig . so , there 's tons of shooting , a lot of screams , gallons of fake blood & guts being tossed about , a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of " the sphere " . others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban ( ber-soldier john grimm ) and rosamund pike ( as john grimm 's sister named sam ) . why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in " doom " defies logic . to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater , you have my deepest sympathy . to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of " doom " on dvd , please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price . that alone should tell you how " good " this film is 
books pos 290.txt the book is set up with an activity for each letter of the alphabet . the activities can be used in any order , which works for teachers who want to integrate this into their existing curriculum . the reproducibles are quality learning material , yet still entertaining for primary students 
dvd pos 836.txt based on a true story and a book called evidence of love , this tv movie is made remarkable by the emmy-winning performance of barbara hershey . she is utterly magnificent in the role of a middle class housewife who brutally murders her ex-lover 's wife in a self defensive rage . hershey superbly captures the many nuances of this seemingly normal woman who commits a heinous deed . her hypnosis sequence is brutally painful and she pulls out no stops in showing us the hidden rage . brian dennehy is equally good as the lawyer who tries to get her out of her terrifying predicament . the movie is impressively done and once again worthy most of all for ms. hershey 's dynamic presence 
software pos 322.txt compared to frontpage and its infamous " bots " , expressions web is a refreshing piece of software from microsoft that out-dreamweavers dreamweaver . as a long time dreamweaver user , the ability to easily stay in design mode in expressions web while building your user interface without the incredible futz-factor that dreamweaver imposes is its greatest strength . this is a very impressive , stable product that i plan to use a great deal in my non- .net web development work . it makes building and maintaining pure html web sites and newsletters much easier and more intuitive than ever 
software neg 373.txt i 've tried to be a loyal quickbooks pro user for 5 years now and at first this company provided a competent accounting product that was decent after you learned its idiosyncracies . but each year you will be forced to update ( $$$ ) or your tax tables will not be accurate , and each year some of the capabilities will be lost and you will have to pay for them to be restored ( $$$ ) , each year the program will be more expensive to update ( $$$ ) . i am not an unreasonable business owner and i do n't mind paying for good service , but intuit has turned into a unethical , money grubbing monster . they sunset and disable your software every time you download an update , forcing updates and buying previously provided services ( payroll tax tables , e-mailing invoices , printing 1099 and w2 ) . this is especially true at year end , becuase they know they have you in a tax / year end crunch . now they are even doing unauthorised billing of new services ( last year they started charging quarterly fees for tax tables- -this year they charge a mandatoy $300 payroll update as well as a $100 software update for the program itself . ) furthermore they charge your credit card without permission under the ruberic that its the same as the quarterly tax table fee . honestly , consider some other program ! this deceptive practice of software disabling and data blocking , combined with the dubious practice of sunsetting software every year has grown intolerable . i hope they get the class action suit they deserve . 
health neg 997.txt these wipes clean well . they arrived promptly . they stink something fierce . i cannot stand the way they smell . 
health pos 692.txt i just bought a vespa scooter for short trips since the gas prices are so high . i needed some eye protection that would work with my helmet . these goggles are awesome ! they fit perfectly inside my helmet , and because the wrap around my head , they stay put . the magnets in front are very strong so the goggles do n't move . the eye cups are just the right size and they 're padded for comfort . these goggles have far exceeded my expectations . 
software pos 764.txt i 'm very impressed with how non intrusive this software is . i used norton for approximately 5 years before i changed to bit defender . i did n't realize how bogged down my system was until i made the change . the system scan is very quick ( approx . 8-10 minutes in comparison to 20-25 minutes from norton ) . i do n't even notice when the software is updating . i 'm very pleased with the program thus far and i highly recommend it 
health neg 20.txt ordered this item on sept 28. they were supposed to ship it within 1 week . after 1 week i received an email , they said they needed 2 more weeks . another email today ( nov 7 ) , they think they can deliver it by november 27. that 's 2 months after i placed my order . at this point , i am not even sure if they can delivered this item by the end of the year . fortunately with amazon , they do not process the payment unless the items are shipped and they give you the option to cancel the order , which is what i am going to do right now 
music pos 579.txt despite the excellent screenplay by sam shepherd and the solid acting by harry dean stanton , i found " paris , texas " a rather unimpressive film , and the only thing that kept it together for me was cooder 's astounding soundtrack . the music here is simple , yet very moving and even haunting . his guitar stylings really captured the mood and feel that the film was otherwise supposed to convey . it seems to seep right out of the desolate landscape of the southwest . every time i listen to this cd it reminds me of driving along some deserted highway in nevada , se california , etc. also , it 's really nice that the soundtrack contains the story ( " i knew these people " ) told by stanton 's character , since to me that was the best part of the movie . even so , seeing " paris , texas " is not a prerequisite for enjoying this cd , the music is phenomenal in its own right 
health neg 150.txt do n't waste your time and money on this product . i have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months , two in the last week . all of them have had defective switches . amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor . 3 / 13 / 0 
books pos 889.txt the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper 's daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father 's talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy 's behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza 's father and mother . ( " something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . " ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( " ` you 'll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? ' " ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane 's nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza 's nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( " i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down.. . " ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( " ` get you from me , ' he said . ` i ca n't be near you now . get out of my sight ! ' " ) as a father , eliza 's father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( " terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n't explain away . it 's not safe here , andrew john . i ca n't promise you 'll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . " ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship 
camera neg 362.txt it 's not an item to write home about . final picture quality is usually ok but not spectacular . the wi-fi works some days , mostly not . if i 'd known then what i know now it would still be on the shelf or in the hands of some other poor purchaser . 
camera pos 968.txt after springing for the cybershot in august so i could have a compact camera i would actually take places , i 've been very , very pleased . the last camera i had was an older sony dsc that was quite bulky , ran on batteries , and had shutter problems- -but it took great quality pictures and the interface and features were perfect , so i thought i would go for the dsct5 , since it avoids all of those problems . only a tiny battery to charge , no sticky shutter.. . and it 's sexy as hell . the screen is huge and very bright . i hate taking pictures with flash in general , and i find that the flash makes nasty redeye more often than not with this camera . ( and the camera gives you the impression you cant change shutter speed or anything ) however ! you can easily change this by going into the over / under exposure options and under exposing your photos when you are in dark environments . they come out surprisingly well and blur-free 
health pos 880.txt received the monitor quickly . it works well . the automatic feature is great . 
books pos 437.txt perfectly simple and indistinguishable from the " real " amazon - except the price . thanks for everything 
music pos 784.txt since sunset boulevard is one of my favorite films , i bought the london cast album long before the musical came to america . patti lapone is the ultimate broadway star , having created the role of evita . her soaring versions of " as if we never said goodbye " , and " with one look " are unmatched . her power and vocal range soar ! all of norma 's songs had to be drastically reduced in vocal range to accomodate glen close 's lack of , ( or nonexistent ) singing ability . in fact , this dvd was unavailabe to the american market during the american run of the musical and was literally pulled from the shelves . perhaps alw did n't want the american audience to hear the masterwork of this production . kevin anderson , a brilliant actor , does not have the operatic quality of alan cambell in the u.s. cast , but he portrayed joe gillis with far more guts and passion . this is not for the lover 's of oklahoma of showboat , but for lovers of more contemporary musicals , this one is perfect 
books pos 953.txt i was introduced to this book while staying with a friend , and i was hooked . i went home and bought it so that i could finish it . i did n't know much about buddhism before i read this book . ms. boorstein 's stories read a bit like the chicken soup for the soul books . she has short wonderful stories that demonstate current day people practicing the buddha 's teachings . you do not need to be a buddhist to appreciate this book ! it 's very inspirational . since this book , i have read several more books to learn about the teachings of buddha 
health neg 399.txt i suppose it serves a function for people with bad eyesight or something . but......dear god that thing is ugly 
software pos 532.txt my boys are 5 and 7 and they can play this at different levels and enjoy it very much ! ! they have played it and learned from it extensively 
camera pos 502.txt this digital photo frame has reasonably good picture quality and once set up , can be used by anyone in the selected mode . i have it set for slide presentation mode and people enjoy looking at it . i could easily see giving it , already set up , to people who are not computer savvy , such as grandparents . to give them new pictures , send a new card and they slip that in . that said , the cost is still fairly high and the buttons on the top of the frame useless unless you have them memorized or really good vision . i would recommend this product 
health pos 215.txt oral b has always been top notch for me and this 8900 dlx is just fantastic . my teeth are so bad the dentist always called me the plaque king lol but after 6 months on this i went to the next cleaning and they saw a huge improvement . he calls me by my name now thanks to this product haha i have been putting this thing to the test for about a year now and i love it...i keep it on the spinning setting which really works well . do remember that if you turn it on without it in your mouth , you spray water everywhere and the spin setting really makes a fine mist with some power but its still a top notch product . thanks oral b ! ! 
software neg 748.txt this cd should be priced at $5.00. the graphics will not keep your child 's attention and it 's pretty lame . it was a wasted purchase , i have to bribe my child to use it , because it so boring 
music pos 524.txt link this cd of great melodies with " the best of the browns ( 1954-1967 ) . you 'll not regreat the quality . such easy listening . this group is simply the best . i also suggest reading maxine brown 's book " looking back to see , a country music memoir . " it 's a well written ( and interesting ) cover of the the history of the browns 
dvd pos 174.txt argento is an incarnation of everything that film is and everything that it could have been as conceived by lumiere . after hitchcock and ray , leone and fuller , argento is the last true auteur to make genre films . visually , a film like profondo rosso calls upon the ghosts of the cinema because everything that is filmed , objects and people alike , take on the same importance and that this inevitably leads to the resolution of the mystery which is at the center of the film . argento can only film something as itself and this is why he is an extraordinary filmmaker . cinema is not an answer but a question and argento is the answer to eisenstein 's theory of film as violence , violence not only in the images themselves but in the great void that awaits them . a murder , a painting , a mother , a son , a mirror , all of these things will lead to a beautiful composition of images in which the mystery of seeing , the mystery of cinema , the questions , are resolved . 
health pos 874.txt a friend of mine used to meet me for lunch while boasting a beautiful & glowing face from a $50.00 facial she had just received . this product ( even after the 1st use ) produced the same results & i never had to leave my home . my skin always goes through hell during the winter months when its continually exposed to artificial heat . my skin feels & looks like i 've lost about 7 years time . i 'm very , very pleased with olay . i 've used their total effects lotion for years & i did purchase the regenerist serum to apply after using the kit . this is an excellent exfoliant & hands down , the best skin regenerating product i 've ever used 
dvd neg 719.txt this amicus horror anthology film has got to be the weakest in the series , the storylines were terrible and very dull and most of the time it looked like it was very outdated not to mention that the last episode about a washed up actor who turns into a vampire was not funny . usually these amicus films are fun to watch and not scary but good however this film just dragged along , the episode with christopher lee in it was the best one and the only one that was worth watching and ingrid pitt as a sexy vampire thats it , what a waste 
camera neg 695.txt this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money 
music neg 526.txt who in the world called this ' 'hard rock' ' ? ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ? this is a bunch of self-pitying , mainstream jibberish..nothing interesting at all . i shall dub this as ' 'alternative whine'' . 
camera neg 360.txt this item was offered as a suggested accessory to the nikon monarch atb 8x42 waterproof binoculars that i purchased . i later also purchased the 12x42 binoculars . this harness can not be attached to either pair of binoculars ! the hook part of the snap is too thick to go through the strap eyelet on the binoculars . other than that the harness is a well made quality product 
books pos 990.txt though only a fraction of books have been written about the great war when compared to wwii , there are some great ones to pick from . for instance , for a great narrative of the american involvement in world war i , try the doughboys by gary mead . for a good look at the events of gallipoli , just last year john laffin wrote the agony of gallipoli , which is a wonderful brief book on that travesty of warfare . there is a great book which chronicles verdun called the price of glory by alistair horne . the list goes on and on , whether it be flanders , the somme , passchendaele , africa , jutland , whatever your area of interest might be . the point i 'm making is , there are plenty of specialized accounts of world war i , and even several overviews of the war , but john keegan 's the first world war , is a great source for an overall study of the war . this book covers it all , in brief detail . accounts are given on virtually every facet of the war and even some of the best insight available for the events which led up to the war itself . every aspect of the war is given its due diligence here . i 've never been a big fan of keegan . his writing , to me , is a struggle at times . this book is no exception . it reads somewhat like a 500 page textbook and borders on tedious at times . but as much as i dislike his stuffy british writing style , he is a virtual historical genius . his knowledge and research of the events cannot be faulted , and he writes , for the most part , without imparting his own commentary . in fact , without prior knowledge , one would hardly surmise that keegan is himself , british . the big exception to that is keegan 's typically british hard line stance of not giving the american forces their just dues . in this aspect , he even contradicts himself in several places . he goes to great length to illustrate to the reader that in the early months of 1918 , germany was still very much capable of winning the war . the western front had been bolstered by the arrival of german troops from the now defunct eastern front . the new soldiers from the east brought with them , battle hardened experience and a mindset that they could triumph , as they had in the east . he goes on to tell of how effective german advances had been in early april , advancing a fifty mile wide front over twenty miles in a matter of days . he then follows this sort of information with telling the reader how , though ambitious and courageous , the american forces were largely inconsequential to the conclusion of the war . when he does acknowledge american victory , it is quickly followed with excuses for the german forces . that said , if you 're seeking information about just how american forces rallied to bring an end to over four years of war in a matter of a few months , this book will infuriate you . however , if you are looking for a good overview of the war as a whole , this is one of the best out there . i should add , the book has a quite lengthy notes and bibliography section for further study . monty rainey [...] 
health pos 187.txt shaving cream in a tube is just about impossible to buy at retail outlets . this is a great product and i will continue to buy it through amazon 
music neg 970.txt id advise not to buy the album . listening to it is like contacting gonorrhea . trust me ive done both 
dvd neg 416.txt i think i understand what camp is . " the damned " is a film taking upon itself the allegorical rise and fall of nazi germany in such an overindulgent manner that one cringes and giggles at the same time . i guess gay folks everywhere can blame luchino visconti the " great " director for making a laughing stock out of homosexuals in nazi ss garb . mel brooks realized in his film " the producers " that nazi 's are damn funny , but not even brook 's vision could foresee the downfall of the essenbeck family as the currents of early nazi bloodshed swirls about . the uniforms are art deco at its worst . the young blonde , aryan , cross-dressers are a bathhouse dream until they 're lined up against the wall . rome may have had caligula , but the reich had blonde pedophiles . what a thrill to see helmut berger swishing about in marlene dietrich bodice and stockings . i watched the whole thing and i 'm going to end this review to take a shower 
books neg 89.txt it all depends on who you are if you will like this book . republicans will like it but democrats or people with brains won't . 
software neg 518.txt i have been a fan of spyware doctore for some time . spyware doctor 4.0 was an excellent product . it did it job pretty good without taking up any significant resource . but unfortunately it seems that pctools have not yet got their act together for version 5.0. the first version i received as an upgrade was version 5.0 build 172. problems started as soon as my machine rebooted . the spyware doctor service for apparently no reasons hogged the system resource to an extent 95-97%. killing that does not matter because the application restarts after 15 sec , and also that it seems to be the heart of the application . after reboot the update started running and bam came the blue screen of death . so after a series of reboots and crashes i installed the version 5 build 176. but that too did not work , hence finally i reverted back to version 4.0 and eveythig works perfectly.please stay away from version 5.0 till pctools get their act together . as a reference do go through the review of cnet for this product [...] 
health neg 499.txt i bought this scale because i figured the price was right . well , as they say , you get what you pay for . first of all , it is flimsy in construction . i am under 200 lbs . , yet when i step on it , the cheap plastic bends down . you can just feel how thin and unsubstantial the plastic is . next , the first time i weighed myself , i found that i had lost 7 lbs . overnight ! if only this were true . i did n't believe it . i stepped off and got back on and i had gained back 5 of the lost pounds . off and on again - - and i was up another 4. if you like to just kind of average your many readings , then this scale will work for you . otherwise , take a pass . btw , and i was using it on a flat hard surface . 
music pos 960.txt if you have never heard book of shadows by zakk wylde , then you may be suprised by this album . the two albums are similiar in that they contain a lot more acoustic guitar , and although i 'm not saying that past releases have not contained emotion , hm vi contains more . for example , take ' she deserves a free ride ' and the ballad ' fear' . the piano on this album is superb , haunting at one point and almost relaxing at another . however , there is just enough of past ' metal ' bls in this album - ' crazy or high ' and ' house of doom' . personal favourites are ' damage is done ' , ' layne ' and ' queen of sorrow' . there is something more in the solo 's - they come in at just the right time and as usual are perfectly executed - check out ' stepping stone ' for an example . the musicianship has got even better on this album , with the dodgy drums on 1919 eternal gone , and the bass that was pushed to the background in the blessed hellride is up there with zakk 's playing . this album is deep , moving piece that is the perfect successor to the blistering blessed hellride . ca n't wait for the new mafia cd to be released . 
software neg 158.txt in an effort to boost their file numbers and appear to be more comprehensive , the creators included many very low resolution images that they " artsied " or " roughed " up with a dirty polaroid-transfer effect , or split up into 5 small stagger-stacked slides , which they must have hoped would excuse the poor quality of the original image . for example , if you do a search for " tiger " , you will get 165 results , but only 86 will be of the animal , ( and not one of 20 images of 10 toy tigers , or 5 images of one tiger-striped chair-cushion and so on ) , and of those 86 , 80 have the crusty effect applied to them . the other 6 tigers have been taken out of those same 80 images and clipped out of their background to give you a floating tiger on a clump of grass or a tiger head ( but have , thankfully , not been " dirtied " up with the transfer effect ) . out of all , there is not one clean image of a tiger in its environment . here is another example . a search for " sunset " yields 247 results . of these , 163 have the crusty polaroid transfer effect applied , and 70 are the same images duplicated ( much smaller ) in a sloppy stack of 5 slides . there are two clean sunset images . these are typical results . numbers do n't mean anything ! this product is stuffed with multiple images of toys , frankly not-so-attractive people from hard angles , and old low-resolution stock photos to achieve 150 , 000 files . would it have killed them to include one clean , print-resolution image in each category ? perhaps we could have done without 50 of the fake slide images ( talk about dated anyway ! ) in order to get a product worth having around 
music pos 467.txt i do n't know where this guy gets off saying that the drummer , jorge rossy , and the bassist , larry grenadier , & quot ; are competent but do nothing overtly interesting&quot ; . jorge incredible groove , use of space , and musicality is as good as one could ask for , and grenadier 's huge warm tone , amazing time , and great thematic development is unparalleled by other bassists of his generation 
health neg 582.txt i took a chance ( it 's pricey ) and purchased this item . & quot ; what the heck , & quot ; i thought . i used it ( a single ' squirt ' ) once a day in the morning . this was instead of the recommendation of twice a day . i like the stuff . my skin felt lubricated and smooth without feeling greasy . in fact , i 'd give it five stars except that now it 's three weeks since i purchased this product and ' poof ! ' it 's gone ! i figure that it comes to about 30 cents a squirt . in my mind the ' goodness ' of this product is n't worth the exorbitant price . hence , two stars 
health pos 872.txt i bought this as a present for my mother but tried it first to be sure it was worth the money . it really is ! after using this the recomended 15 minuets , my feet felt just like they did when i had a professional foot massage ! i highly recomend this for anyone who enjoys having thier feet massaged 
music pos 339.txt this album is by far on the greatest recent live recordings . sheryl crow demonstrates her influence and talent by putting on an all star show with some of the biggest names in music history . sheryl shines on her own , singing some of her great hits , but it 's the duets that really make the album . my least favorite has to be the dixie chicks just because i ca n't appreciate the country flare they bring to " strong enough " but it 's still a great version . chrissie hynde , one of the album 's highlights , brings intense attitude to " if it makes you happy " , still one of my favorite sheryl songs . stevie nicks remains stevie nicks , giving more than enough emotion and flare to her own " gold dust woman . " sarah mclachlan 's usually soft voice comes out strong on " the difficult kind " and compliments sheryl 's quite nicely . my favorite rendition has to be eric clapton and sheryl together on cream 's " white room " , the rock-out moment on the album . the show is complete when all the guests return to belt out bob dylan 's " tombstone blues " and close the show with a definite bang 
dvd pos 763.txt this movie is great ! very subtle humor but if you watch it you will be laughing out loud . love it 
music pos 98.txt brian regan is simply a comedic genius . this cd is especially funny after having seen him live- -you can just picture his hilarious gestures and facial expressions ! he has managed to create a hysterical routine based on the silly stuff we 've all said / done / thought . while i too enjoy comedians who are more " cutting edge " , i do n't think a routine has to be peppered with profanity to be funny . this cd is well worth any price ; check out his dvd and his live show , too 
music neg 609.txt i love this show ! that said , i do not care for this version of it . the inclusion of the word " concept " in the title means it is just that . this was , thankfully , not the final version of the show that would later spawn the hit song , " one night in bangkok " . with most broadway musicals , the musical numbers tell the basic story of the show . if you listen to the recordings of phantom , mama mia , beauty and the beast , you can discern the basic storyline of the show . listening to this particular recording of chess , though , will leave you wondering " what was that ? " the broadway arrival of chess saw a much needed reworking of the storyline and arrangement of the musical numbers . this recording seems too much like a mish-mash of songs that do n't really relate to each other . for musical fanatics ( like myself ) , i say " yes , you should have this recording in your collection " , if only to understand how much work went into the show before it opened on broadway . if you are only buying the album because of " one night in bangkok " , purchase the broadway recording instead ; you 'll be much happier with the performance by phillip casnoff rather than murray head 
music pos 211.txt as he did with " parade " , the soundtrack to his last vanity project " under the cherry moon " , prince provides a musically invigorating soundtrack to " graffiti bridge " , which is a hopelessly silly film . no matter . " graffiti bridge " , prince 's first album of the 90 's , is also one of prince 's best albums of the 90's . " new power generation " serves as the title track to prince 's new band , and it 's a powerful , funky manifesto . " the question of u " is exotic and intoxicating . " elephants and flowers " is an upbeat song about spiritual redemption , whereas " tick tick bang " is prince at his most joyously raunchy . although most of prince 's material is exceptionally strong here , the collaborations and contributions by other artists are a mixed bag . " we can funk " is a simmering duet between prince and funkmaster george clinton , and tevin campbell provides some youthful exuberance to " round and round " . but the tracks by the time mostly fall flat . i 've personally always found morris day to be a one-trick pony with his effete pimp routine , and his one trick gets boring quickly . it 's obvious that with " graffiti bridge " prince is trying to create the feel and atmosphere of a funky block party . but i ca n't help but wonder , without the tracks featuring other artists , if " graffiti bridge " would n't be more highly regarded as one of prince 's better albums 
dvd pos 53.txt this movie is pure fun . my whole family loved it . it 's corny and the acting leaves you feeling like it 's amatuer hour , but its fun to watch . we made popcorn and laughed our way through the whole thing . watch it and enjoy 
dvd pos 92.txt this film is one of my all time favorites . i think it 's because these kids remind me of my friends and i as kids - riding our bikes , going on little adventures , etc. the cast is absolutely perfect . wil wheaton was the best crying kid of all time - with the exception of ricky schroeder in the champ . lol . river phoenix was excellent in this film , which is an adaptation of a stephen king short story . part road film , part coming of age tale , all the elements are here to tug at your heart strings . 
software pos 344.txt overall i was pleased with ease of installation . this was an upgrade from office 2003. i backed up all files before upgrade , and always do this , but it was not necessary for this upgrade . my overall disappointment is outlook 's inability or difficulty to use other mail servers ( yahoo , gmail , etc. ) . the shift appears to favor msn products only ( hotmail and msn ) . no wonder thunderbird is slowly becoming a favored email application 
books neg 582.txt phil jackson groupie and sometime espn.com writer charley rosen turns in a fun , but sometimes off-putting fictionalized account of minor league basketball life . he develops the characters well and puts forth a decent plot . however , rosen 's personal oddities drag the book down . rosen is absolutely obsessed with bodily functions and he repeatedly goes into way too much detail about farting , urination , defacation , etc. at times , the book reads like an immature third grader 's delight . my roommates and i all read it and the general consensus was that the book was enjoyable , but charley rosen is a really weird guy 
dvd pos 252.txt from the first time our leading characters ' eyes meet , you can feel the temperature rise in the room . not your average , sappy " love conquers all " type of love story ; this film shows the courage it takes to help love conquer 
health neg 881.txt i bought these for my dad for christmas and they did not fit his head , they did n't even fit mine and i have an average size head . another thing , they did not look cool at all , they were ridiculous looking , nothing like the photoshopped pictures 
camera neg 87.txt the 5x7 digital photo frame from pacific digital is very cheaply made , the lcd is very dark and flickers constantly . 
music neg 699.txt on the liner notes to one of the two blues albums ( i think it is shaker ) it is said that the original idea was just to perform some of these songs in a one night concert . that should have been as far as it went . to foist these songs on an unsuspecting public at 19 bucks a crack is highway robbery . if these are blues songs , then i am robert johnson 's illegitimate son . " death letter " is good , maybe even great , but cannot compare to the original or to any of the covers i have previously heard . the rest is a waste of time . the cover art is excellent but hardly the reason you would be expected to buy the cd . these are my first 2 reviews by the way , but all these 5-star reviews for both cd 's finally got me motivated . go buy a muddy waters or lightning hopkins cd and save 10 bucks in the bargain 
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great ! 
health pos 264.txt i always have purchased caruso steam rollers but when i purchased their new ionic roller set it lasted i week and it was almost 3 times the money of the vidal sassoon . this is the best ! 
books pos 117.txt i enjoyed this book immensely . remember , the subtitle is " my friendship with jfk , jr. " , the book is about the author and his friendship with john . it 's not meant to be a historical view of jfk and his presidency . why is it ok for carole radiwill to write a book about her relationship with jfk , jr. and carolyn but not ok for billy noonan ? because he was n't on oprah . lighten up . 
books neg 553.txt ok , i know i 'm going to get hammered for this ; once again , there goes my reviewer rating . but i just have to be honest : this is a terrible story . ok , being that it 's shakespeare , it 's prettily told , but it 's still a horrible story , and i ca n't imagine why otherwise sensible people like it . perhaps they feel that shakespeare is telling it tongue-in-cheek ( it is a comedy , after all ) and poking fun at the system of fathers marrying off their daughters without any concern for whether they want it or not ; that would almost make it tolerable , if i could believe it . but given that it is a shakespearean comedy , we must assume that the ending is supposed to be a " happy " one , and the situation at the end is far from pleasant . or perhaps people believe ( i 've heard this claimed in all seriousness ) that kate has actually " triumphed " at the end , having figured out how to manipulate petruchio so as to get her way subtly and underhandedly . even if this were true , i 'd hardly consider it a " happy " anding , and personally , i see little evidence of it . no , what we actually have here is a story of a strong woman ( some people seem to like it simply because there is a strong woman to be found in it ) being married against her will to a scheming golddigger who " tames " her by blatent if indirect spousal abuse ( he does n't beat her , simply starves her and sleep-deprives her , as well as forcing her to wear muddy rags until she behaves exactly as he wants , up to and including winning him a bet by lecturing her contemporaries on their duties as obedient wives . her spirit may or may not be broken , depending on how the part is played , but the fact remains that she 's forced to behave as if it is , and that 's not a message that should be bruited about in a " comedy " . this is absolutely the worst of shakespeare 's plays 
camera pos 672.txt good camera for the money. . picture quality excellent . used camera on recent trio to florida for spring training and colors superb.still learning the fine points and capabilties of the product . dealing through amazon exceptional . product arrived well within promised time frame . no doubt a good deal 
books pos 89.txt a refreshing look on software development and the many pitfalls you need to avoid . this book should be read by everybody involved in any software project but the simplest . in my opinion , a standard work . nevertheless , it needs to be handled with care . during ages , sw development managers have tried convincing their people to break out of the chaos , and plan their work . this book correctly warns for the opposite effects of believing that planning solves everything . some people might however read between the lines that no planning at all is the best practice . the book confirms what i and my successful colleagues found through experience and intuition : there is an optimal point of planning upfront . less harms because you do n't know where you are going , more ( too detailed ) harms because it takes away flexibility and it slows you down significantly . new to me was the use of queuing theory to point out what we see every day : too many features , under-resourcing leads to far bigger delays than human mind can ever guess . 
music neg 755.txt i did n't listen the disk but know the recording label . never heard anything good produced by the company in several occasions when i was hooked by the low price : very poor immitations . just go for the real things 
health neg 101.txt this is the second one of these i 've owned...my first one the screen went blank after about a month and a half...not an uncommon problem with this , i can see reading the other reviews...but i thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular pedometer , so i bought a second one...big mistake ! as far as the radio , what a piece of crap . i live about 20 minuters ' drive from downtown houston...maybe there are too many radio stations around here . it just wo n't lock on to anything , not even the strongest stations . tons of static and stations fading in and out . i bought a pedometer with a radio because i wanted a radio while i walked . if you 're selling a pedometer with a radio , the radio should work . i would give this 0 stars if i could 
dvd neg 978.txt sorry i could n't come up with a better punchline , but this movie does n't deserve any original thought or ideas . maybe its because there are n't any original ideas in this movie event . national lampoon used to mean funny , now its french for crapola . avoid this one at all costs ! ! ! watch caddyshack ii , airplane ii , yes even xanadu three times each before you pick this booger one 
music neg 756.txt this is simply a transfer of the lp master done when cds were just getting started . the quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker . go for the collectables twofer instead . much better sound and more cuts 
dvd pos 261.txt a very enjoyable documentary from the personal perspective of an ex christian.we need many such documentaries out there to help inform people about the dangers of religion in general . i wish some brave person would do a film about how christianity came into being from an objective historical perspective . this film touched on the subject , but it was not really the focus of the documentary.perhaps we will be " blessed " by a further exploration of the subject in the future 
software neg 182.txt i assumed , incorrectly , that adobe 's customer service would be professional and quick . i have called three times in the past two weeks and have had to wait , at a minimum , 23 minutes just to speak to someone . when i finally got my product , they sent the mac verion rather than the pc version i purchased . i called again and waited approximately 30 minutes to get customer help . i had originally ordered the pc standard version and asked to upgrade ( and pay difference ) for the professional version - - since i still had n't received the pc version . customer service stated that they would only ship me the standard version to replace the incorrectly shipped mac version and then i would have to wait for the standard verison to arrive at which point i could call again , and ask to exchange for the professional verion - insane ! ! ! adobe 's call center is easily the worst customer service i have dealt with - - and i 've dealt with some bad customer service 
health pos 152.txt clothes are soft and smell great works just as good as any fabric softener out there and better for you , your family , and the enviroment 
dvd pos 824.txt great to own such a john candy / dan akroid classic . not recommended for children . quite a lot of profanity 
software pos 525.txt i am very happy with microsoft office 2004. it is easy to install the software . i am using the whole suite of products successfully and easily . thank you bill gates ( and steve jobs ! ) ! 
health neg 764.txt it does let you shake and mix up the protein well . but no matter how tightly you screw the cap on liquid gets all around the edge and in the threads . then as soon as you put it down it all runs down the sides and leaks everywhere . it 's a horribly cheap and leaky design . i would look elsewhere or just be prepared with a lot of paper towels every time you use it . ( and if you find a good one that does n't leak please post the info here and let me know ) . thanks 
music pos 738.txt what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far ! 
dvd pos 822.txt " american gigolo " stars richard gere of a high priced male prostitute . he is coasting along with his rich southern cailifonia clients until one of them is murdered . when he is considered the main suspect , he goes on the run , with his only friend being the wife of a politician . at the begining he tells people that he is a moral man , for example , he dos n't service gays , more on that in a moment . it is interseting to note that gere also played in a movie about hookers a decade later in " pretty woman " and it made a star out of julia roberts . but that is where the similarities end . this is a much darker story about hypocracy . when he falls under suspicion all his clients that liked him before all distance themselves from him . in the end , he finds himself a hypocrit , because in order to get an aliby he is willing to do anything job ; gays , s and m , anything to avoid jail . the only love story here is about him and the politician 's wife ( lauren hutten ) . it is complicated by the fact that he will not let anyone in close to him , even for his own protection . for all it 's darkness there is one funny scene . richard gere is called in for a line up at the police department . he tells the other men in the line up that he got paid , and the others get angry and cause a scene , averting the attention off of gere . this is a really good movie as an examination of society 's attitude toward sex . this film was written and directed by paul schrader , if that is why it seems like a less brutal companion to " taxi driver " . richard gere is wooden , but his character is cold and icy , so that approach is right . lauren hutten is alright as the bored housewife of a powerful man ; she seems sincere in wanting to help gere . but i thought the standout performance was bill duke as the slezzy street pimp who is quiet but menacing ( as oppose to gere 's ' madam ' ) , but also provides the warning to gere at the beginning that his 15 minutes of fame are running out . and another future " pretty woman " player is present ; hector elanzo . he plays the detective on gere 's trail ; but he is slimy and rather unlikable here . well worth your time , but for adults only 
books neg 80.txt " the end of democracy " ( 2003 ) is the best answer to this theory 
music neg 682.txt look , as music goes , variations on a theme is part of any genre . this album , however , yells out & quot ; leave well enough alone . &quot ; a remix of sgt.peppers lhcb might thrill a person born in 1986 , but when you hear the real thing , you ask why change it ? this album is a total waste of a truly great disc . like gipeto said to pinocchio , & quot ; stay wood ! & quot 
music pos 140.txt actually have n't heard this cd , yet , i can still comment on part of it . i was the lucky guy who did the live recording at the x-ray cafe . sold the masters to the band a couple years ago and just now got around to thinking , " i wonder if they ever did anything with those masters ? " so , i was there at the show and can say that every ounce of energy that the band put out ( which was considerable since this was the last show on their tour , but they knew the x-ray was special and gave it their all ) - it was all captured on these recordings . the machine was a tascam 688 that used standard cassette tapes for 8-channel recordings . most all the mics were either shure sm57 / 58 , but there was also a high quality shure stereo mic overhead that was mainly used for capturing the drum kit but also provided a nice stereo image of the stage . the x-ray was perfect for this type of recording . the tiny pa was only used for the vocals , so , there was no competing with a pa blasting everything . i would place a sm-57 close to every amp . had a nice specialtiy bass mic , too . usually , 8 channels was enough to catch everything , but , there were extra inputs where it was possible to stack multiple mics onto a single track if needed . because of the overhead stereo catching the drums , this was rarely needed . with a full house , such as the night with the gits , any reflecting waves were just soaked up by the body mass of the crowd , creating what turned out to be a very nice intimate recording space . there was split box on stage which fed all the mics to the x-ray " business office " next door , which is where the tascam was setup away from any real danger . all of which made it a fun gig to record in comfort and be able to also go over to the stage side and enjoy the show . every once in a while , magic happened . d . fletcher portland , or 
health neg 579.txt a total piece of garbage , do not buy this at all . first of all it is battery operated which i did not know when i bought it . secondly , when i went to put batteries in it , the terminals in side of it are offset , one is higher than the other , and the higher terminal was damaged . when i put the batteries in and put the cover on it did not work , the case was pushing the battery away from the terminal . it worked without the cover on but that doesnt do anyone any good if u cant prevent the batteries from falling out . the thing is rather loud too and cover is a piece of cheap plastic . the thing is a piece of garbae , do not buy this item ! ! ! ! ! 
health neg 333.txt it took my 3 1 / 2-year-old 10 seconds to defeat this . it took me about 30 minutes to install it . pretty ineffective , as far as i 'm concerned . your mileage may vary 
books pos 565.txt this book of eight stories by virginia woolf shows virginia 's mind at work demonstrating her & quot ; stream of consciousness . &quot ; each story flows from one thought to another asking different questions about life . for example , & quot ; the mark on the wall&quot ; questions the meaning of life and existence . & quot ; an unwritten novel&quot ; is about what people hide and what you do n't know about a person you seat next to on an & quot ; omnibus . &quot ; all these stories will make you look at life in a slightly different way 
dvd pos 902.txt it seems to me there 's a certain type of photographic quality in most of the 80s movies that sets them apart from any other era . i 'm not arguing it 's either better or worse than others , it just feels different and very distinctive . in this light , " wall street " reminded me vividly of " no way out " for instance - which happens to be from 1987 as well - and several de palma films . do n't ask me why . it just does . useless considerations apart , " wall street " , directed by always controversial oliver stone , pictures the almighty frenzy in corridors of high finance where no one has a chance to fade away . they always burn out , in a snap of fingers . and bigger they are , harder they fall , right ? the story in itself is nothing new or previously unseen , featuring a bright young " sport " , bud fox ( played by charlie sheen ) who happens to have a lot of potential but is not exactly happy with his stock broker life . he wants more , and hotshot gordon gekko ( michael douglas ) is another broker who embodies everything he wants to become - powerful , vicious , influential and a sure winner . by sheer force of will and unprecedented persistence , bud sneaks into gekko 's office and tries to prove his value to him . from here on the bulk of the movie shows us the average - but rather well executed in this particular instance - story of the young proteg who rises to the top at breakneck speed until , unexpectedly , something shatters his bond to the master . something that hits home and makes bud question his beliefs . what this is and how it plays out is the very heart of the movie , so i 'll let that for you to find out if you did n't see it yet . all the acting is quite superb , especially the relationship between gekko and fox . martin sheen - who is charlie sheen 's father both in real life and on the screen - is particularly compelling as a man who believes in hard work , not selling out and not letting others - and yourself - down . he reminds me of donald sutherland simply because he also seems to have that ability to outshine everyone whenever he 's on screen a couple of minutes at a time . if you like high finance intrigue , big guys pulling the strings on each other , twists and turns , then " wall street " is probably essential . and it will probably give you an excuse to read sun tzu 's " the art of war " 
health neg 843.txt i recieved these dead , they do n't fit right in most devices and i have n't been able to get them to work since they 've been recharged , it 's not my charger.... . waste of mone 
music pos 665.txt i love this album but the other review from anonymous is wrong . this cd is not remastered . i baught this cd because of that review and got burned . the cd even says right on it aad . in other words analog recording / analog master / digital playback . i will say this much though , the transfer is better than mca 's version which i own . however , if you want a remastered version of the song monster look to the " all time greatest hits / original recording remasterd " cd from mca . it also has move over from this cd , i love this cd and want it remastered . if you gotta have this album ( i do ) than this version sounds better than the mca version 
camera neg 357.txt loved the concept of this camera...small , 10x zoom and sleek looking , but the first one lasted 3 days , had it replaced and the second one lasted 1 week . both stopped operating completely . so given that kind of problem i do not recommend this camera 
books neg 534.txt i was looking for a book to make elegant , simple and practical bags . this book has is all feathers and beads , nothing that i would ever give to someone as a gift ! i was very disappointed . 
camera neg 813.txt i purchased this camera in december 2005 to replace my 7 year old sony digital 8 camcorder . unfortunately , everything except size is inferior in the panasonic compared to the " ancient " sony . the color is not nearly as sharp , the low light capabilities are laughable and the battery lasts half as long . the sound quality was adequate if not watching playback on the camera itself . the camera 's highest volume setting is too low to use if you want to listen while loading video into your computer 's editing program . the panasonic does have a relatively convenient manual exposure feature many other minidv camcorders lack . this allows better light control when shooting in auditoriums with spotlights . it uses a toggle to control the exposure and , while it is not as easy as the external thumb wheel on the sony , it is adequate . unfortunately , it functions so poorly in low light it would n't provide adequate color in an auditorium . i thought the image stabilization would be a great feature but my video is much shakier with the panasonic than my old sony . maybe it 's because the camera is so small it 's hard to keep as stable as the larger sony . video editing on a pc is equally easy on the sony and panasonic but the panasonic 's poor user manual would make it very difficult for a novice to figure out and your picture quality will be much better with sony 's digital 8. if you do n't have to record in minidv format or have a built in 3 megapixel still camera , i 'd recommend buying an inexpensive sony digital8 for about a third of the price of the gs250. if you do have to have a minidv camera and you wo n't be shooting in bright sunlight , try another brand . this upper end 3ccd camcorder will now have a home on a closet shelf where it will stay unless i need a very small camera to chase action in a cross country race or similar event on a sunny day . otherwise , i 'll use the old sony so i can share the video i shoot without being embarrassed about the picture quality 
camera neg 787.txt i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily 
software pos 439.txt our photo and video editing softwares were both very basic and " old " , so we decided to upgrade a couple of months ago . after reading many reviews on different bundles , we decided to get the adobe photoshop elements 5.0 premiere elements 3.0 bundle . we 've played around with the premiere elements a bit , and it 's really awesome . much better than the pinnacle studio 8 we had before . all the basic functions are easy to use and very intuitive , though we have n't gone and figured out the more advanced features yet . the photoshop elements is a wonderful tool , as well . we recently had to scan in a lot of old pictures ( as in 20+ year old b / w photographs ) . they needed a lot of touching up , and elements 5.0 worked wonderfully for that . i could adjust the lighting and sharpening , fix the colors and scratches , and the pictures turned out amazing . you 'd never be able to tell they were scanned images from such old photographs . the program is also very intuitive . i could do all the things i wanted to do without having to read the manual . of course , i 'm still just touching on the surface of what all is possible , and i plan on reading the manual and studying the program in more detail once i have the time to do so , but for what i need right now , it 's easy to use and does a good job . there are only two things i have to comment on that i do n't like about the adobe bundle , and they are the reason why i 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. 1. the stated minimum requirements for this bundle are 512mb ram . that 's what we had on our computer , and while the program worked , it was so painfully slow that it was n't feasible to really use it . we ended up upgrading to 1gb , and it 's been working great since . so if you have less than 1gb ram , make sure you upgrade before getting this software ! 2. the red-eye fix in photoshop elements , or lack thereof . there is an auto red-eye fix , but it does n't work very well . it finds red eyes in all kinds of places , just not where they actually are . sometimes it covers half the face , sometimes only half of the eye , etc. etc. etc. there is an option to manually show the program where the red eye is , but it still does n't work right . maybe there 's another trick i have n't found out about yet , but as of right now , i usually give the fix tool a shot , and if it does n't work i take the picture back into my old editing software and fix the red eye there . i 'm really very disappointed with this , as fixing red eyes is something you have to do quite frequently when editing pictures . overall , the software has been very easy and fun to work with , even for an amateur like me . :o ) if adobe can adjust the minimum requirements recommendation and fix the red-eye fix tool , it 's going to definitely deserve 5 points 
camera neg 66.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all 
camera neg 396.txt crap . does n't work . wanted to return it but had to go out of town and lost the time period . plastic junk , never did get a good signal . the worst sony item i 've ever purchased - - and i 'm a sony fan . will still attempt to return somehow . do n't even bother 
music neg 919.txt almost 10 years later.. . and i am still waiting for the punchline . i think this is the most properly named album of all time.. . as the easiest summation is : it lacks any punch and keeps you waiting for something that never comes ! its terrible , especially when contrasted with pornograffitti . gone are the great guitar tone , riffing , rhythm , power , and groove that marked most of the prior three albums . it 's what the forth side to " iii sides to every story " could have been.. . " yours , mine , the truth , and the suck " . the songs are lackluster , but its really the guitar sound that kills this album album . " no respect " , surprisingly , by name , is the only song worth any respect and the only song near upbeat on the album . " waiting for the punchline " still remains in my top 5 worst albums of all time.. . i dont write negative reviews unless a cd is really bad in general or really bad compared to the bands other work . in this case , it fits both.. . its bad for extreme.. . and stands up as exceptionally bad among all other bands ' albums as well . conversely , in my opinion , iii sides and pornograffitti are 4 and 5 star albums , respectively 
health pos 732.txt excellent product , good quality at a good price . i bought this whal 's trimmer to replace a whal 's trimmer that i have used for over 15 years . that alone speaks for itself 
health neg 184.txt i am in my early 30 's and never had a problem with acne until my mid 20's . i had been using proactiv for quite some time ( 5 years or so ) and it worked pretty well . i say pretty well since it did clear my face some , but my face has not been totally clear in a long time . along comes acnefree which is " better " than proactiv since you can buy it locally and it contains more of the active ingredient- -cool , i am sick of ordering it online and it is cheaper ! well , i guess you get what you pay for- -i do n't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin , but i used acnefree one time in the morning . so far so good- -until 2 am the next morning when i broke out in hives all over my entire body . so no more acnefree for me , just wanted to give my experience for anyone who might be in the same situation 
dvd neg 253.txt thought it would be insightful but it was just dull and low-budget . 
music neg 129.txt robin gibb has one of the most distinctive voices of the 1960s . with the bee gees or as a solo artist he has enough hits to make his own live show . however , in this live recording he chooses to recreate mostly bee gees hits on which he had a secondary role on their famous three part harmonies . thus he needs the help of another lead singer , chorus and the neue philharmonie frankfurt orchestra . but everything goes wrong here : robin 's voice remains buried among a real bulk of unmixed music ; the lead singer ( no list of credits ) is a poor substitute to barry gibb 's famous falsetto ; the female voices are not very inspired , to say the least ; while the orchestra is frequently out of tune and noisy ( the winds on juliet are really unbearable ) . post-production seems to be non-existent and the overall sound is chaotic . lines notes by experts andrew mon hughes and ann grootjans are interesting and illustrative , but they seem to belong to another album . the message from robin gibb seems to be clear : " i can do it all by myself " . well , he cannot . he should re listen to one night only ( 1998 ) and check for sound , harmonies and production 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
camera pos 974.txt great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack , but beware . .. . this camera does not come with a lens cap , and no remote control . other sources state that this camera does not have a leica lens . this camera does not have a / v input . no flash , no hot accessory shoe ( though it has one which has no power ) . no widescreen lcd . it does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen . 
music neg 615.txt the best scene in the movie is the italian restaurant scene with janeane garofalo , using a wry randy quaid as her foil when she 's not ignoring him . it 's the only scene that made me laugh . the scene with the playboy dad having three women in his home , and the one preceding it when his girlfriend 's excessive dinner fails to impress the little kids , are both weak . playboy dad is not interesting , and that character really should n't have been one of the three musketeers of this movie . the other dad , reiser , is uncomfortable to watch . his dinner scene with his daughter is good in the sense that it shows how estranged a father can be with his teenage daughter , but that too is uncomfortable to watch . the later scene , up in the treehouse when his daughter suddenly loves him , is completely unbelievable . the fact is , that particular girl would not say those things to her dad . she does n't love him . she does n't need him at all . she 's done with him . the stupid bit about randy quaid being a talk show star after busting into rob reiner 's talk show is just dumb . that does n't happen . if you want to write a cartoon , get warner brothers to draw it for you . have the road runner in it , or bugs bunny . the film gives us comfort food at the end , with the trite and meaningless advice to love your kids . the fact is that your kids need love from their father when they are young , but once they hit a certain age , in double digits , you are done . daddy just becomes the source of cash from then on . kids in their teens and twenties do n't want or need anything but money from dad . fittingly , i saw this film on father 's day . to sum the whole movie up , janeane garofalo is funny , randy quaid is kind of comfortable to watch although the script gets a little stupid at the tail end , and the other two male leads are just mildly annoying . the script does n't say anything worthwhile about the subject it took on . but it takes a subject on , so at least that 's something . it gives exposure and food for thought on the subject of how a father fits into his family 
dvd neg 652.txt a dismal disappointment . i think you should rent it and find out for yourself before you actually own a copy . when i see the high ratings , i wonder if people have some investment in the selling of this product . the original lonesome dove mini series was unbelievably well done . a complete multifaceted joy . i was so excited when i saw there was a sequel and the joy of lonesome dove would continue . well it did n't and you can read why in more depth in other low ratings 
dvd pos 237.txt i really like this dvd - you can get some really good exercise in only 10 minutes . lara does not waste time on lengthy explanations between exercises , and she moves quickly from one exercise to another . i like the variety of exercises - there are not too many rep 's on any one exercise , which keeps the workout from being monotonous . this is the first " programmable " exercise dvd i 've used , and i like being able to pick and choose which exercise segments to do and in which order - this makes it easier for me to get motivated to start ( and once i start , i 'm fine ) 
health pos 247.txt i am very pleased with the light output . i purchased them to light the inside of my childs playhouse . they really iluminate the inside as bright as a standard light bulb . i purchased a couple of years ago an earlier type lanturn by rayovac and was really pleased with it also . 
software pos 450.txt i was bought for my 13month daughtor . this is her favorite litte touch book because lulu is very friendly friend . this is worthy of money . we love it 
books neg 801.txt the text is ok and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent , but the drawings are the work of a hack , often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored . the costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight . the attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book . an affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both . only valuable as a kitschy curiosity 
software pos 720.txt when my last computer got zapped by lightning the one thing i missed the most was being able to balance my check book . glad to be back on track . i like the new look 
software pos 164.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone . 
software pos 83.txt my dad got this for me to supplement a latin textbook i have been studying for my high school language course . it is quick and easily understandable . you get plenty of words and phrases , which is perfect for a traveler . if you want to learn the language for the sake of knowing it , not travel , however , you 'd better get a book to supplement this . it does n't teach about pluralization , verb conjugation , or other oddities that the language holds , such as , in latin , the ending -m which implies a direct object . the latin cd also does not use the dashes over the vowels , which may or may not be necessary , i do n't know . overall , i am very happy with the product and with the price of $39.99 ( usd ) , but i am also quite glad i have my textbook ( ecce romani ) to go with it 
health pos 430.txt i have purchased a total of 12 of these batteries ( 6 two-packs ) and i must say that they work exactly how i projected them to . they hold a charge well enough for my uses in various electronics and my infant 's papasan swing . regular duracell alkalines will keep the swing running for a few days . these batteries on a full charge almost match the alkalines ' life and i have recharged and reused many times already with no sign of charge loss . i am very pleased so far with my purchase . get these until hybrid nimh batteries in size d become easily available and cheaper 
software pos 92.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone 
dvd neg 68.txt i am a fan of historical fiction , and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen ! what bothers me the most is that the general public , who has n't read the tudor biographies like some of us have , will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject ! i wo n't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them . why tamper with history , when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie . 
books neg 590.txt all the reviews so far sound like personal friends of b.w. who are puffing the book . the book is simple and would require more information . so why not just go buy a book with more information . 
software neg 462.txt i have used turbo tax for at least past eight years and always have been very pleased with it . this year however some " genius " decided to change the entire format and approach and i found this year 's version to be terrible . very confusing now when used to be clear and simple . hard to even download , confusing up dates , difficult to find numerous frequently used items ( estimated taxes paid in previous year , capital gains / losses , state taxes paid , and more ) . the running total of taxes owed in upper left hand corner came out different from final taxes supposedly owed . i have zero confidence in this year 's program doing my taxes correctly so will have to have an accountant do return for first time in many years . have recommended turbo tax to many over the years , but would strongly recommend against buying this year 's product . a perfect example of how to take something good and make it lousy by messing with it . suggest you save your money and either go to an accountant or use another firms software , this one stinks 
health pos 242.txt also bought as a gift but i tried it ! very relaxing and much more affordable than the ones you see in the mall 
software neg 775.txt i have been unable to get the software to work on my dell computer with windows xp . although i have been in contact with the technical team at sbt on many occasions , my initial problem has never been resolved . i am unable to use the test & improve your memory software 
dvd neg 481.txt the basic pilates mat exercises are performed , which are okay ; however , the cardio segment of this video is truly lame ! the instructor runs the viewer through marching , marching and stretching one 's arm at the same time and , finally , marching and kicking back one 's leg . that 's it . how incredibly dull ! what 's worse , the instructor has a terribly artificial clenched-tooth smile plastered to her face for the duration . " pilates for dummies " is a far better instructional video for newcomers to the world of pilates ( do a series of jumping jacks or go for a run afterwards to get in your cardio ) . i would n't waste your time w / this video . 
camera pos 230.txt this is a replacement for an identical battery pack that i lost . works great , long life , no problems 
health pos 733.txt these are hands down , the most awesome pillows , we have ever owned . they were originally suggested by a chiropractor at $60 per pillow , however at the time , a " water bed pillow " for $60 just sounded silly . what brought me back around to these pillows , was the year-long search that my wife and i had been on for the perfect pillows . one of her beloved cats managed to destroy our previous and quite comfortable pillows , which subsequently caused us to get caught up in the frustrating search for the perfect pillow . we spent a year , buying this pillow and that pillow , all to no avail . then one day i rolled the dice , and bought a pair of these pillows with the covers . the covers actually make the dish . these are the most comfortable pillows that i have ever slept on in my 42 years on this planet ! ! ! these pillows rate 10 stars ! ! ! just follow the directions and enjoy the best nights sleep you have ever had . i do not work for , nor own this company , although after using their product i wish i did ! ! ! our pillows are about three months old so far , and holding up exceptionally well . they recommend you change the water every six months or so , depending on what type of water you put in . the pillow is about half to three quarters cushion , with the water being the bottom layer . they seal tight and do not leak . there is no audible sound from the water in the pillow , as if you follow the directions , they will instruct you on how to expel excess air . these pillows and of those black & decker scissors , have to be my two best finds for 2006 ! ! 
camera neg 310.txt this item does not charge your camera . it does provide power to your camera while plugged in , but it does not recharge your camera 's battery 
music neg 593.txt unlike most other items i 've bought from amazon , i failed to read the reviews for this particular cd before purchasing . being a fan of the final fantasy series , i think i fell into a bit of the " fanboy " ( well in my case , " fangirl " i guess ) syndrome . also i did n't do my homework at all and thought this was an orchestrated recording , which it most certainly is not . i own most of the final fantasy ost 's ( and heartily endorse them for fans of the games ) and this particular cd does nothing new or compelling to the music . tracks 1-7 are pretty much carbon copies of their ost counterparts . track 8 , the opening theme of ffviii ( liberi fatali ) has a very odd synth-solo vocal mix covering what is in the original a very moving choral section . tracks 9-11 again are basically copies of the ost . track 12 , " alexandria ( vivi 's theme ) " is the only somewhat-original track , as it seems to put together several pieces from the ffix soundtrack in a medley of sorts . unless you are a rabid fan who must have everything ff , i recommend saving up and purchasing the real ost 's instead of this disc . while i do n't see non-fans flocking to purchase this disc , it might be worthwile if you 're only slightly interested in the series and want a taste . even in that event i 'd be worried this disc would turn those people off from the series entirely . pros : cheap ( i paid $6 , new ) track 12 is worth a listen cons : tracks 1-7 , 9-11 offer nothing much new or different track 8 has creepy ( in a bad way ) synth / voice mixe 
books pos 948.txt i read les miserables after i saw the opera , and it has inspired in me more than any book i 've ever read . i do n't believe one could ever find a better novel anywhere . for everyone out there- -read this now ! ! there is a character that will touch everyone , no matter what type of person you are . this novel is easy to relate to , and exciting . it also give some insight to the unwritten history of the revolutions in france during napolean 's time . i recommend strongly to everyone to read this book , and see the opera . it really will effect your life 
software neg 577.txt that 's exactly where my cd went . in the garbage . that 's where all the other roxio software i 've ever owned has ended up . at least i never had to spend extra for their junk . it 's always came as part of a peripheral or pc software package . no printed manuals are ever provided and it 's always an issue trying to download one from the roxio website...which i would then have to print at my expense . i could live with the on-screen manual if the software was n't buggy and they provided some sort of customer support . i ca n't believe that this company is still in business . i guess that they survive by making deals with peripheral and pc manufacturers to stick their customers with inferior software . be advised......do n't be fooled by their slick packaging and website . read the reviews here and elsewhere 
music neg 139.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
dvd pos 821.txt joan crawford had it . star quality . when i first saw her in ' grand hotel ' i was surprised how much i was watching her character instead of the equally riveting character played by the great greta garbo . both were stars . but crawford was able to project a different kind of sensuality than garbo - a vulnerability , a plucky girl-next-door quality . in humoresque , an older crawford was still able to achieve this level of performance paired off with the younger male star . let 's face it - women have a great advantage acting ( perhaps women are always acting ) - besides being better looking than men , they can emote more without going out of gender role . a distinct advantage vis-a-vis men who must restrict their emotional range or be accused of over acting . it 's a horrible thing to fall in love . and that is just what crawford 's character does . falls in love with the worst of all possible choices : a musician . musicians only love music . the music in the film is worth the price of admission alone . who amongst you would throw the first stone at a fine violinist playing ' zigeunerwisser ' or any of the other fine war horses of the classical violin repertoire ? she falls in love with the young ' artist of the month ' whom she offers to help jumpstart his career , renting a concert hall for his first recital . she is married to a wealthy but understanding man who loves her but lets her do what she wants - drinking , philandering ... most men do what she wants and accept her ridicule . the character of the musician does not ; he 's a tough new yorker who gives her as good as he gets - and she finds herself loving him despite herself . love is madness , and when he starts being successful with his concert tours but neglects to phone her for weeks , she falls apart emotionally . it is profoundly humiliating to realize someone else can hurt you badly simply by declining to keep in touch . silence is the perfect expression of contempt , is n't it ? she drinks , she mopes about her ' cottage ' in the hamptons , she is crazy in love with a man who does n't seem to reciprocate her feelings . in our time , she might see her doc and get a prescription for zoloft to be rid of the lovesick blues and of obsessive thoughts of him . but this is before thorazine , even , and she 's just out of luck there . so she drinks . drinking was the preferred way to deaden the unbearable pain of rejection in love in the days before designer drugs were available from your neighborhood spice man . to complicate things , her musician had an old girlfriend from the conservatory where he studied music as a young man . additionally , there was the dreaded ' american mom ' in full armor . she just had to tell this grown son of hers , repeatedly , that the woman he finally fell in love with was no good . she even slaps him upside the head as he shows her around his ritzy new apartment with a view ; it seems he has too many portraits of crawford 's character in view . that 's the way , mom . make your boy marry a good girl , like you , maybe . meanwhile , and i just love a line the character played by oscar levant comes up with at her cottage in the hamptons , " you 're not the kind of woman who lets her husband get in the way of her marriage . " a lot funnier said than written . levant did a lot of great piano playing in the film , dropping dozens of one liners like that . he almost stole several acts . this is a very forties film . in black and white . whatever happened to the colorization process ? oh , well . finally , mom tells the rich girl to keep her hands off her son . and dutifully , crawford 's character retreats to her cottage in the hamptons , gets drunk one last time , wades into the surf in a stunning , shimmering black cocktail dress and is never seen again . i told you love was dangerous ! her lover , after cancelling one measly concert out of despair at her death , decides not to ruin a promising career and returns to the concert stage . men ! emotional iqs of 30 , at most . well , that 's all folks . if your eyes were still dry at the end of this film , you 're safe - you 'll never fall in love 
dvd neg 833.txt in this film made in uk and luxembourg , madeline stowe stars as senga . senga and her daughter nat are driving at midnight after visiting nat 's father . they bicker the whole trip and it just increases when they stop for a break at a rest stop . nat runs away with a mysterious girl who tries and recruits her into a mysterious cult . and we are left with a nerve wracked mother doing all she hectically can to retrieve her daughter . both the daughter and mother eventually learn that this cult kills people for their blood . why they do so is never explained . and even at this point when senga is trying to rescue nat , she still acts like a brat . the last third of the movie seems to just generate more confusion . and becomes unbelievable and my main reason for the rating i assigned . that good part of the movie has to be attributed to the direction , not the wirtting . the movie is dark and suspenseful . though you do not know what really is transpiring in this movie , it does keep you on the edge of the seat as senga tries to rescue her daughter 
camera pos 600.txt this is something you will really need to keep you camcorder save and sound . defenitely worth the money 
books neg 173.txt is the main goal of every male evo-psy writer to attack feminism ? here 's an experiment for you : juxtapose the ideas in this book and , say , pinker 's blank slate with those of , i do n't know , any two female evo-psi writers and watch the incongruities jump off the pages . it 's f&#%ing comical . but guess what ? the females ' books are way better thought out and accurate while the males ' are a lot of wishful thinking . hmmm....aging , successful man writes that lovely young lasses and aging , successful males are made for each other . that men are wired to treat sexually liberated women like s@ &% , and to fawn over repressed , chastity obsessed airheads . whatever 
dvd neg 26.txt the only thing that kept this from being absolutely predictable was that a dead bad guy did not spring back to life . i found myself saying " oh come on " to one plot point after another ( previous reviewers have covered these absurdities ) . the underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving ( previous reviews in this thread provide details ) 
books pos 114.txt i expected a fabbo edge-of-the-seat read . what i did n't expect was that this pomo thriller would provide a passel of top-flight management secrets to its unsuspecting readers . from the opening pages of the book , as wylie jones prepares to depart on a & quot ; business trip&quot ; of unspecified duration , to the penultimate chapter , when a revitalized wylie and his attentive amanuensis wrap up a deal on the left coast , this beach-bag zinger is chock full with the sorts of advice , hints , tips , and warnings that help to build healthy management brains in twelve ways ! think of it as a kind of business allegory . wylie 's cross-country odyssey is what might happen if robert fulghum were to meet john gardner trundling down the road on his reality bike , set fire to robertson davies ' beard , and then move on over to the highway hacienda for corn dogs and a brew with none other than warren buffet , everyone 's favorite grassroots investor . i totally loved it . it gets my absolute highest rating 
books pos 646.txt we love this book ! we have made many of the recipes that have all tasted great and are healthy . we also gave it to everyone for christmas and they all love the recipes too 
dvd neg 32.txt the most simple definition of [...] is sexual gratuitousness . sexual imaging for the sake of turning people on , not providing anything pertinent to the plot . you ca n't help but get a porno feel while watching bully . and to think i was supposed to be viewing a film about teenage revenge on the local bully ; but it turns out to be a soft porn version of how vapid teenagers waste away their lives with a little killing thrown in . was it really necessary to show a shot of a girl 's crotch while she 's driving a car ? was it necessary to have a sex scene or nudity scene or drug scene every 3 minutes ? you ca n't help but see the director as a pervert who is more preoccupied with sex and street cred grittiness than telling a good story . the very first scene is of a guy having phone sex . several things about this movie other than the [...] made me mad : 1. you 're planning to kill somebody , then proceed to tell everybody , including the waitress at pizza hut what you 're planning . 2. after you kill , you 're so afraid of being caught that you proceed to put more suspicion on yourself by acting very strange and telling even more people what you did . 3. which makes more sense ? to decide to kill a guy because he disrespects you and beats you up occasionally and has sex with your girlfriend , or , to stop hanging out with him completely and stop lending your girlfriend out like a wh-ore . bobby never put a gun to the guy 's head to make him hang out with him , yet murder was the only option ? 4. i ca n't believe mr. wimp who never fights back can all of a sudden muster the strength to slit a guy 's throat while he 's staring him blankly in the face begging for his life . 5. all of the characters 
health neg 431.txt this product might do for a backpacking weekend with the boy scouts , but compared to a blade razor , or even an electric , it leaves a lot to be desired . i recommend giving it a pass 
dvd pos 730.txt when this show was on back in the day on fox i couldnt believe i was actually watching something i could relate to . there doesnt seem to be really that many tv shows that deal with dark and the real life experinces of real people . if ya ask me when it was on . it was actually something that gave me some relief . i deal everyday with some experinces re-lated to the show . its somewhat of a constant battle . enough about me . im really glad all 3 seasons are out . and im also glad i didnt have to wait many years either . one thing i didnt like about fox when titus was on they kept moveing it around . it wasnt fair for the show . then the next thing ya know there were some repeats then it was gone . im not really happy with fox cause titus still should be on tv or had a much longer run then it did . i hope chris shows up in something else soon . hes got one of those faces ya never forget 
books pos 87.txt published in 1986 , dr. deming " out of the crisis " seems to form the basis for the transformation needed in american management mentality . two main subjects are discussed in the book . the first is the exposure of problems and pitfalls in top management operations , the second , relates suggestions and solutions that can solve and transform the way american management operates . 14 core points are suggested by dr. deming to address problems in management and are supported by many examples using different scientific methods . throughout the book , dr. deming promotes the loss of slogans that are even today being practiced by a share of the american industry , and advocates management that is based on principles such as quality and leadership . at times , the book is not a continuous process that is easy to follow , but overall , dr. deming 's concepts are transferred to the reader . dr. deming 's " out of the crisis " helped me learn new perspectives about how management and employees can help in building or transforming an industry to a successful one . 
books neg 326.txt i am an avid fan of true crime books and this is by far the most one-sided book i 've ever read . it was n't about the crimes , it was about this author 's personal feelings and dislike of aileen wuornos . he has a real problem with women , lesbians in particular . he made ms. wuornos out to be someone she wasn't . she had a hard life , yes and chose to committ crimes , but that was n't what this book was about . again , it was n't worth the $. i actually threw my copy of this away 
music pos 588.txt i recently decided to go through some of my old cds that i have n't listened toin ages . dj cheb i sabbah 's maha maya : shri durga remixed&quot ; was one of those cds that i came upon . this was my first exposure to indian music , let alone world music . i was n't really familiar with music outside of western culture . so this was a new experience for me . listening to & quot ; maha maya&quot ; shri durga remixed&quot ; certainly takes the listener on a trip to india with its traditional indian melodies . i envisioned myself in the taj mahal and watching a slew of belly dancers performing . the music took me awhile for the melodies to grow on me . it is certainly by no means your traditional dance remix album . i however dug transglobal underground 's version of & quot ; kese kese&quot ; ( where 's the sarangi mix&quot ; right from the get go . it has a nice beat . dj cheb i sabbah did a good job at mixing and making sure that the music flowed well together . i am definitely curious to hear dj cheb 's other cds now that i have re-discovered this little gem of a cd 
music pos 51.txt this album is absolutely beautiful . the full musical sound and talent of calexico together with the soothing warm vocals of iron & wine make the perfect match . it 's almost unheard of that i love every song on an album , but this one makes the cut . each song wraps you in a warm trance , a coccoon of well-being . it has a really positive emotional effect on me . it creates an ambiance of gentle strength . wonderful . i really hope to see a these two bands getting together for more albums 
health pos 978.txt i say the scale is pretty good and accurate but the fat % keep changing different % in the morning and night , like in the morning i got 30.2% and at night it say i got 25.8%. i dont really trust the fat % but the pound is very accurate . for the price i would rather get something cheaper 
camera neg 323.txt the camera feels slick . the software that comes with it gets a 4 star for efficiency , though the intuitiveness is not its strength . while the large lcd display is terrific ( the main reason i got it ) , it is worthless in a high glare situation . you ca n't see what you are shooting . it 's worthless ! and since nikon did not give you a viewing lense for such situations , there are times whey you have no idea what you are shooting . while the viewing wheel , to rapidly cycle through the shots you 've taken , is quite handy , the rest of the navigation is less than intuitive , and often takes so long to figure out that you give up . pictures are generally good , though the conditions have to be perfect , or you get grain or blur . there is one lovely feature , but it is only useful on a tri-pod . it is a function which allows you to take a flash photo and have the aperture remain open for a little while after to fill in the background . it creates flash shots without the black void background typical of such pix . i use that feature a lot , but its worthless without " legs " for the camera . i bought this on a whim , counting on the nikon reputation . had i known , i would have stuck with the canon 
music pos 101.txt this is jewel 's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i ca n't wait for her latest 
dvd pos 214.txt all the great reviews written previously say it all - anne of green gables the movie is a timeless classic of the classic novel . i 've been watching this movie since i 've been a child , and i still watch it as an adult . a movie like this does n't need " special features " for it to be attractive as a dvd ( although the commentary is great ! ) . just the fact that no matter how long i keep this and how often i watch this movie , it wo n't change like vhs does . 
software pos 345.txt it seems the last few office releases i have purchased have n't really offered anything different , but this one does . the interface is totally changed and takes some getting used to . i would suggest upgrading to office 2007 when you have a little time to figure out the new layout and not if you have to jump right into a project . the new toolbars seem to be really thought out and are very user friendly . if you are n't into change and prefer the status quo of the standard , file edit tools...layout , then this product is not for you . if you are willing to spend a couple hours getting used the new layout ( it 's quite easy ) you wo n't be sorry because it 's well worth it . 
software neg 650.txt this item puts more spyware on the pc then it takes away do not bu 
dvd neg 582.txt this movie is so dumb that it 's as good with the sound off as with the sound on . the only reason to watch it is to observe the extreme beauty of both leads . a plot as old as the written word could still form the basis of an ok movie with a good script , but this script has no charm , no wit , no nothing 
dvd neg 943.txt bad , bad , bad . bad acting , bad writing , bad directing . i was sort of neutral about dicaprio until i saw this steaming pile of bad acting . consequently , since seeing this , i have n't voluntarily watched another dicaprio performance . it was a huge mistake by the director ( or the screen writer ) to not set this in the era in which jim carroll grew up . or if it was meant to be , it failed astoundingly with glaring anachronisms 
software pos 691.txt do n't listen to all that crap about how you should get linux or buy a mac instead of buying windows . that will probably be the dumbest choice in your life . this is the full version of windows oem software . comes with activation code and vista upgrade coupon to either vista home basic or home premium . bought from tiger direct through amazon . 
software neg 618.txt this maybe the worst interface i have ever had the displeasure of working with and that includes console applications with dos interfaces . edlin and fdisk are more user friendly than the mcafee 's security center . there is noway to disable the software except by uninstalling the program or opening xp 's admin tools and then forcing the services to stop , which is not a recommenable approach for the average user . here is a short list of the probelms that i encountered . counter spy is cheaper , easier to use and has an interface that is user friendly ! * cannot select to disable during non-internet use so i can run software that security center has conflicts with like protools 7.3 recording software . * the scan results are vague , ie returns 6 quarantined threats but does n't display what the threats are and you ca n't print the result either . * there are more..... . there are some good features but the detractors win by a land slide . 
dvd pos 401.txt i heard so much about masaki kobayashi 's " harakiri " , so i bought it at amazon and watched it . wow , this movie is awesome ! ! now i do n't know who is my #1 favorite director , akira kurosawa or masaki kobayashi . this black and white movie intensifies the theme of this movie along with the music by tohru takemitsu . in addition to these assets , the camera is wonderful . i pick this movie as one of " my movies of my life " . tatuyua nakadai was shining in this movie . i like him more after seeing " harakiri " . 
software pos 722.txt i use this with a macbook laptop with 2gb ram without any performance issues . it is a great product for when you have outgrown imovie but do n't need the full feature set of final cut . i use it for both perosnal and work video production . no problems connecting and moving video of a panasonic pv-gs500 video camera via firewire . there is a learning curve but the basics are pretty easy to master . 
camera neg 701.txt purchased this item in dec 06 ' screen burned out mar 07' . on top of that screen quality was not that great . do not order order this item 
software neg 512.txt i have a 3.2 ghz , 2 gb , pc , clearly ready for vista . after running the compatibility wizard and uninstalling all the software that would conflict ( even the optional conflicts the second time around ) , they told me it would install , yet , it didn't . after an hour of installing , it tells me the installation fails and restores xp . i realise that mine is an isolated case , but it 's typical microsoft . if you want something that works , buy a mac 
software neg 253.txt 3d home architect is a complete crock . i have attempted to use it many times . after hours of reading and playing with it i am still unable to perform the most simple task . i own v1.3 of this software and it outperforms the current version by light years . i also spent lots of time trading emails with broderbund in an attempt to obtain either additional product support or a refund and i got nothing . so henceforth they will not see another dime of my hard earned $. sorry 
music pos 719.txt though i am only 33 years old , i grew up listening to bob wills . merle haggard did a great job with this one ( as he always does ) . i got goose bumps listening to it . it took me back to my childhood when i would sit on the porch with my grandfather listening to bob wills . the only thing missing is the scratching of the needle on a nearly worn-out album 
software neg 730.txt okay.. . so i 'm not as astute in the technical aspects of software as some reviewers , but i can say that my experience with this software is absolutely terrible . first off , it is built to integrate with outlook , but does n't really . it always leaves one e-mail in your outbox ( the one you posted first ) . if you open your outbox before they send , then the one you posted most recently wo n't send either . seriously , the only way i have been dealing with this is that i have left a dead e-mail in the box permanently . if i need to change something that has been posted to the outbox , i have to open it , then get out of the outbox , change it , and repost it , otherwise it wo n't send - - ever . i have set nis so that it does n't scan my outgoing e-mail , as it blocks anything over 2mb , and in my business , i send things that big all the time . in a recent update , however , it has reinstated that and now scans all of my outgoing e-mail whether it is set to or not . i spent hours and hours on the phone with ( supposed ) technicians , who refused to answer any questions unless i disabled my whole network . what that has to do with this program , i do n't know . i tried the " live internet chat " function , but - - and i kid you not - - it took almost two hours for me to get ten responses from the guy . when i complained , he hung up on me . gotta love that . when i tell nis that something it has categorised as spam " is n't spam " , it does n't remember the sender 's e-mail address , like it is supposed to . it just keeps calling it spam and quarantining it . regarding spyware , i have another piece of anti-spyware software called webroot spy sweeper , that routinely finds spyware on my computer that nis did n't catch . this has just been one headache after another . their customer service was unresponsive and totally unhelpful , with not one actual solution to any of these problems . the only piece of software i have ever bought that was anywhere close to as bad as this is winfax 10 , another norton product . i will never , ever buy another piece of norton / symantec software again as long as i live . they should be ashamed of themselves 
music pos 56.txt it 's sometimes hard to think there are really anymore pleasing melodies out there , but thank halstead & co . for proving me wrong . i am happily pleased with their latest , and very eagerly awaited , effort . instead of the depths of melancholia and loveliness on , say , out of tune , they give us 41+ minutes of what seems like basically " it 's good , everything 's going just way ok.. . " it 's happy . maybe i 'll hear a lyric later that says something else , but for those for whom music is the priority , you ca n't go wrong with this considered and experienced and artful pop . four and a half stars 
music pos 541.txt does anyone know whether this set will become available on sacd or dvd audio format ? how would you contact grp records to ask ? i only give it four stars until multichannel format appears . 
dvd neg 708.txt i give this movie 1 star because it lies to the viewer . this movie is not bram stoker 's dracula , but a rip-off of the character and then puts the modern spin on the story . if it was named something else or even kept the name dracula out of it to begin with but called him a different name i 'd give it 5 stars . if you want to see the real dracula story first read the actual book by bram stoker , then watch the silent film nosferatu . nosferatu is the only dracula movie that gets the story right . dracula is a monster , he 's not a star crossed lover at all and was n't intended to be . people wanted there to be some hidden message so they could justify a reason for their otherwise worthless literature degree but there simply is n't one . it 's a horror tale , not a vieled porn book , and certainly not a love story . if anything the ones that fail to understand dracula time and again are his victims who fall prey to his seduction by being anthropomorphic toward him 
dvd neg 631.txt the quiller memorandum takes place back during the cold war . it represented a time and place in history that was true at that time . it accurately depicts an era that is now gone , that some of us lived through . the movie , by today 's standards , is a little disjointed and incomplete.it jumps to a conclusion but lacks story development how it got there . some scenes must have been edited on the cutting room floor back in the 60 's or 70 's in order to get a g or gp rating . as a result of those incomplete or cut scenes , part of the movie makes no sense . the movie would have been better served if it were produced closer to the author 's original book . the most memorable part of the movie is the haunting score , including matt monroe 's " wednesday 's child " . i was disappointed in viewing this movie again some 20 or 30 years later . perhaps wolfe was right when he said that we can never go home again . quiller must have gotten lost on his way home ! 
books neg 668.txt after reading a fine balance i could n't wait to read another book by this author . i then read his third book called family matters which was good but i was disappointed as it by no means compared to a fine balance . i just finished such a long journey and found it to be okay but very slow moving and downright boring in some spots . it is my least favorite of the three books by this author . it 's hard to believe that someone can right a book like a fine balance , which was magnificant and one of the best books i have ever read , and then turn our stuff that is , at best , average . 
software neg 208.txt i just bought this cd because i am learning haitian creole , and that 's one of the languages that is supposed to be on this cd . when i installed it , i was unable to find anything on the cd in haitian creole , even though it is listed as one of the languages on the case . so it has been a complete waste of money for me , perhaps if i was interested in the other languages i could give it more stars . it also says in the blurb that u can use any of the 16 languages as the source language , but that is not possible either , u can only chooose a few of the languages as your source . i am very disappointed in the false advertising for this product . if anyone can find creole on this cd i would be happy to stand corrected . ps i contacted imsi and they say the cd 's were mislabelled , there is no haitian creole on the cd , despite the fact that it is listed on the cover 
music pos 122.txt i have seen al jarreau 20 times in concert ( and recently saw al and george perform at the hollywood bowl ) and am a long-time fan from way back . there are a few al cds that you just play forwards and backwards ( and back when they were cassettes , you wore out the tape ) because they 're just perfect . " breakin ' away " , " jarreau " and " heaven and earth " come to mind . well , add " givin ' it up " to that list . if you 're an old-school al fan and you 're wondering whether to buy this cd , buy it . it will live up to all of your al expectations . there 's a " look the rainbow " feel to it , there 's a " breakin ' away " feel to it , there 's a " jarreau " feel to it . there 's even a " glow " feel to it ( when you think about tunes like " milwaukee " and " have you seen the child ? " ) . grassroots al. it 's got the production values of " heaven and earth " and " tenderness " . fabulous production , arrangements , gathering of talent . there is not one song on here that you will skip as you 're listening to it driving to work or whatever . in fact , if you 're throwing a party and want to instantly get people in a jazzy party mood , put on this cd because between everybody from chris botti to jill scott to a soulful paul mccartney , people will stop and say , " wow , listen to jill and george tearing up ' god bless the child . ' " and " is that paul mccartney tearing up ' bring it on home to me ' ? " [yes , it is.] meanwhile , al and george are working their magic the entire time , and guests will say , " listen to george right there . " and , " al is jamming right now . " it 's a conversation-stopper provided by the best thing that can stop a conversation at a party : fabulous music that people must comment on . of course , that 's where the conversation picks right back up , so you win either way . the blend is perfect : just a touch of scatting , just a touch of voice-beat , with lots of fabulous jazzy vocals by both al and george , tons of great music solos , and george playing a perfect guitar . if you 're a george benson fan , you will be thrilled with this cd because george provides a fabulous through-line to every piece . he 's ever-present with every wonderful thing he ever did on a guitar . he fronts many of the pieces , and he 's not in any way relegated to " background guitarist . " he is the music in every piece , with few exceptions . as much as i love al , this cd is magical because of the blend of george and al. only these two can pair up to make this kind of cd . there is no other team who could have pulled this off . you need al 's voice and george 's guitar . period . in fact , i 'm guessing much of the jazz music world is a tad jealous right now of how simply genius this cd is , as in , " dang . these two are great together . wow . " bottom line : this is a perfect blend of these two greats ' talents . george takes care of the music , while al provides the wide gamut of vocals he 's an expert at ( and that only he can provide ) . if you 've been a long-time fan of either of these two , you wo n't be disappointed . it 's not lopsided . and it 's old-school in every good way . my prediction : this cd will sweep the grammys . if it does n't , there is no justice . like another reviewer on this page , i intend to buy this cd for about eight people . it 's just that perfect 
camera pos 698.txt i purchased this camera for my son . he is a doctoral student and needed to photograph items for his research . he was able to learn to use it quickly . the battery life is phenomenal 
camera pos 921.txt this film has great color production and performance . the price is also just right . you ca n't go wrong with the fujifilm superia x-tra 400 
software neg 877.txt after purchasing this product , i found there were several problems with scanning . i contacted nuance ( who purchased scansoft ) to ask for assistance from technical support . however , i then learned they want $9.95 for each incident when a request is made by email . not by phone - by email . after putting out a great deal of money for this product , i should not have to pay $9.95 for assistance with each issue that is a problem with their product . save yourself a great deal of grief and avoid this product . i regret that amazon does not allow me to give this product " 0 " stars . 
health neg 887.txt i lovelovelove dark chocolate , ( and other strong , pungent things like goat cheese and dark beer ) but these taste just plain wierd . it 's not terrible , but i can taste the hoodia , sorta like dried grass mixed in with the chocolate . i think they work at reducing hunger , but they give me gas so bad i ca n't be sure if i want to eat less because of the hoodia , or the gas . maybe i 'll try the *regular* chocoleans , but i wo n't be buying this again . fyi : i absolutely love the phytobase powdered chocolate hoodia shake mix . i have no problems with that . tastes great , works great . and no gas ! 
software neg 141.txt i purchased partition magic 8.0 based on my previous experience with symantec virus protection and firewall products . i am sorry that i did this as the level of support provided for this product is vastly inferior to that provided by symantec for other products that i have purchased from them . all i wanted was to increase the size of my system partition on my c : drive by getting rid of some free space at the beginning of the drive . i was unsuccessful in ever accomplishing this despite hours on the phone with symantec technical support . i was only able to speak to technical support staff in india who finally told me that they could not solve my problem , but that i would be called back by a senior engineer . it never happened despite repeated promises . i finally gave up and returned the product to symantec for a refund . 
camera pos 751.txt camera has good features and decent battery life for a " regular " camera . for those of you who do n't need a special camera and just want something that can take decent pictures . this is a good one . i like it 
music pos 769.txt this is the type of music to sit down , relax , put on a pair of headphones and let it absorb your concious . from spacey sounding electronics to soft vocals over piano to heart pounding rhythms to skittering percussion...this is just a taste of what is supersilent , and from what i hear it is all improvised which blows my head clean off . all this coming from someone who has never heard them before...talk about a great buy ! highly , highly recommended , i close my eyes , to awaken among the cosmos traveling without a tangible body , drunk with the infinite beauty , i sigh without a mouth and think. . 
camera neg 423.txt ok , this camera was inexpensive so i bought it for my kid for christmas ( 2005 ) . it actually took better pictures than my other camera ( other model sony cyber-shot ) , so i did n't give it to my kid , i kept it . i bought it a few weeks before christmas , it was opened and used on christmas day . i just used it days ago , and it just did the thing where it starts turning on , then immediately shuts off . it has been less than 1 year of use , but a week over 1 year from purchase . sony wants to charge me $111 and change , to fix it ( the camera was less than that when i bought it ) . i was just using the camera and it just shut off ! i searched inet to find many other people experience same issue . this camera is disposable ! ! ! ! i took my extra 256mb chip out of it to put in my other sony camera , and my wife said you ca n't see the screen ( lcd screen ) and you could n't for a long time . the other camera has the same issue many other people complain of as well . i also have 2 different model sony dvd writers for computer which are malfunctioning , and a sony vega 36 " tv which is n't worth the money . i will never buy another sony product again ! 
dvd neg 374.txt i 'm not a mainstream beavis & butthead fan...the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular . i was there from the beginning . where the hell is frog baseball and burger world . i want to see burger wars ! ! ! ! there was a time when beavis did n't even talk he just laughed ( heh , heh , heh ) . fire....fire ! ! ! i want season 1 , 2 , 3. just release them as seasons....let us be the judge of what is good and what sucks . i want full episodes with videos included . every tv show is like this on dvd . why is this one different ? ! demand full episodes and full seasons ! ! ! 
books neg 197.txt each story has a different author...however they all use the same verbage . their either all friends or the same person . i do not like this book nor does my husband 
software neg 735.txt quicken software continues to contain prominent advertising for intuit products and services . in my opinion , it is fine to offer additional services to customers , but give the customer the opportunity to say " no thanks " and then leave them alone so they can be productive with the software . forever pestering a paid customer with advertising for the same products and services is not a good idea . advertising takes up space in the user interface and is a distraction that reduces productivity 
books neg 655.txt this book is a standard one for graduate-level algebra courses . i practically wore mine out over a year-long course , and came to know it intimately . dummit and foote is a book that teaches via wordy explanations and lots of examples . of course , examples are very important . however , the explanations are often muddled and not clear ( e.g. see tensor products ) . they frequently relegate important theorems or definitions to the exercises , and the organization is poor . consequently , it can be very hard to find things later when you might need them . also , the bindings on this book frequently fail . my book fell apart very quickly , and i know other students who had the same problem . i recommend rotman 's advanced modern algebra instead of dummit and foote . 
books neg 847.txt the advice in this book is solid and appropriate for most kids . however , the writer 's attitude is judgmental . if you are buying this book , it 's probably because your child 's eating has not gone as smoothly as you 'd like . for most of us , a lot of our parental self-esteem is wrapped up in this issue . so it just makes no sense to act as if it 's usually the parent 's fault - why alienate and beat up your target audience ? ? ? ? plus , while i 'm sure that some parents contribute to kids ' eating issues , plenty of kids are just born more sensitive ! if you can read between the lines and get to the take home message without letting her attitude get to you , more power to you - otherwise , go elsewhere . 
camera neg 515.txt i bought this camera to mainly use the digital macro mode , it worked great for several months , now it will not lock focus , this camera is very frustrating , every picture that i take i have to edit to lighten the picture , i tried just about every setting to get the pictures to come out , to no avail , i am a commercial real estate appraiser , so i have taken close to 2000 pictures with this camera , and just about every one i had to lighten , now the macro mode wont work , i will not buy another cannon product ever again ! ! 
software neg 868.txt this was a huge waste of money . if you have plans to make a custom animation , do not buy this . anime only alows you to manipulate one of their few charecters . you can not change eye color or hair color . if you want a good animation you have to go to one of their websites and purchase a character for $10 - $20. their free ones are completly dumb . using their " easy to use " bone rigging tool takes a long time to set up and use . it took me ten minutes to make one for a stick figure . ( which did n't work very well ) you ca n't even group anything unless you buy their $180 upgraded version . i spent hours trying to use this , and could figure none of the above out . it also took two weeks to get here instead of four days . i do n't recomend this to people who are looking for an easy to use animation creator . 
camera pos 835.txt my family goes swimming quiet a bit . i got the sports pack to take pictures of the kids underwater in the pool . this is a big hit . it works extremely well . i also highly recommend the sony dsc-t9 camera . it 's great for trips . it 's so small you can put it in your pocket and the pics look great 
books pos 762.txt this book has some of the most unique ideas for spending quality time with your mate . it has all the dates organized into categories based on how much time you have , how much money you want to spend , etc. then at the end of each date there are questions and focus excerises to bridge a communication gap 
software neg 793.txt buyer beware . if you encounter a technical issue with this product and require a refund , you 're out of luck . they will send you in endless circles attempting to get a product refund . there are many other good products out there that do the same thing . it 's really easy to purchase , but impossible to get a refund 
health pos 700.txt this handy little device has be a lifesaver in helping to remind me to take my pills . it is easy to set up . just put in the # of hours between your doses , 12 or 24 hours for twice a day or once a day medications . i use two of these . the timer counts down the hours and then chirps . when you silence the alarm , it automatically starts the countdown again . the storage compartment is handy for keeping my pills when i travel . most of the time , i just use it to remind me to take my pills . i wish i knew about this a long time ago 
dvd neg 311.txt we got jason in space and we get pinhead in space . this is pure nonsense . words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels : when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people , it 's time to stop making these movies ! 
music pos 291.txt i used to be a bigger fan of joe satriani than steve vai about 10 years ago . now i quickly get bored of new satriani albums , but vai 's music just moves me . lotus feet for example , wow , words cannot describe what that song does to me . thanks steve 
camera pos 806.txt i 'm like most people with a digital camera . i take a bazillion pictures , develop 10% onto paper , and then banish the other 90% to computer storage archives . i mean , i 'd love to display a lot more of those pictures from my computer , but who has the wall space or time to organize all of those prints ? that 's why i decided to get a digital picture frame . i had been looking for quite some time , but was always turned off by the small-ish lcd sizes or poor resolutions . then i came across this coby 10 " widescreen unit , with the 800x480 pixel display ! there were no reviews on amazon ( at the time ) , but spec-wise it had what i wanted ; a larger display and higher resolution . i took the chance and ordered one and am i glad i did ! the display is huge , and the pictures look crisp . colors are pretty accurate when compared to that of my calibrated lcd computer monitor . the interchangeable frames ( it comes with a black one as well as the white one ) make it easy to match with your dcor . the litte remote is easy to use , but easy to lose as well , so make sure you place it somewhere easy to find . the built-in mp3 player is a nice touch . the speakers are n't that great ( it is a picture frame after all ) , but it 's nice to have the frame play music while in slideshow mode . there is a variety of transition effects to choose from . i have n't tried playing videos on it , so i ca n't comment on that feature . that being said , there are a few things that prevent me from giving this 5 stars . 1. the adjustable stand is made of cheap feeling plastic . i 've seen other frames that have much nicer backs . yes , i know it 's the front you are looking at , but the stand should be sturdier , in my opinion . 2. the angle of the stand , while adjustable , is simply held in place by friction . it actually has one setting that it can click into , but then it is angled too much to view at a normal position . 3. there seems to be a software bug that causes the display to act weird in slideshow mode . well , to be more precise , if you are in slideshow mode and you choose either the fade , mask , or cross comb transition effects , then the very top horizontal pixel line starts to show black sections . it looks like dead pixels , but once you exit the slideshow ( or use other effects other than then ones i listed ) everything is fine . i have recreated this problem , but i do n't know if it 's just my frame or all of these . no biggie . i now use no transition effects it is perfect . 4. this is not really a complaint about the product but more about coby 's specs . on their website they state the lcd is 800x480. great ! so i ordered the frame and then resized a whole bunch of pictures to that resolution . however , when i got the frame and started using it , i noticed that all of my pictures had black ( blank ) bars on both the left and right sides of the picture . it turns out that the resolution is actually 860x480 ( which i found out after some trial-and-error ) . it would have been nice to know this ahead of time to save me from having to re-resize my pictures . plus , sizing pictures to 860x480 is a really weird ratio.. . kinda like getting 4x7 prints . i ordered this from total electronics ( one of the amazon vendors ) and it arrived quickly . when i reported the " dead pixel " problem ( which turned out to be a software bug , not a defect , so to speak ) , they responded to my email quickly and offered to take it back no questions asked . now that 's customer service ! overall , i am very pleased with this product . in reality , it rates 4.5 stars . i 'm the type of person that agonizes over something before finally buying it . with this purchase , that was totally unncessary ! 
books pos 236.txt these books will one day be recorded as history told before its time . while the mainstream shurgs him now , he will be required reading years to come 
health neg 515.txt a fine example of how fickle or intimate ( i prefer the word intimate ) scent is to each of us . this is one fragrance that i have not gotten to like . received as a gift more than a year ago , the bottle still has three-quarters . it does have a ` rich ' scent but i find it to be too confusing and indescribable a scent , not educing a one word description like ` sporty ' , ` sexy ' , ` alluring' . i do n't wear it very often but i do n't recall a single occasion of ` what fragrance are you wearing ? ' with this one . it 's just not my cup of tea so definitely , if you 're not familiar with this scent beforehand ; do not buy before trying it out at a department store for a day . why buy ? as a gift for the guy competing for the female that is currently in your crosshairs . as a gift for your boss - you will know he 's coming from a mile away . you need a gift for a guy who could n't pour water out of a boot even if there were instructions on the hee 
dvd neg 815.txt this video 's only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction . like all stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper form and technique . unfortunately , the aerobics portion is extremely boring and simple . you just walk in place the whole time with no interesting variations . if you are looking for a video for a beginner , this one might work for you if you are truly new to exercise and are really out of shape . although i consider myself a beginner when it comes to exercise , this video was too easy for me . i have n't exercised consistently in several years . however , i do have a moderately active lifestyle . i walk and hike on occassion and i play with my kids at the park- -that sort of thing . if you have trouble with everyday activities because you are out of shape , this would be a great place to start . if you are somewhat fit , this video might be too easy for you as well . you might also like this video if you feel like you have no coordination . there are no fancy moves at all . if you can walk , you can do this video . i like simple steps , but this was too simple . in general , though , i think you 'd be better off saving your money and taking a walk . spend your money on one of the other excellent stott videos that focuses exclusively on pilates 
dvd neg 954.txt if the girls in this film were considered " hot " back in 1979 then i 'm glad i was still in preschool . some unattractive women , not college age girls , but actual 30-year-old women who cannot get into the popular pi sorority start their own sorority called h.o.t.s. which stands for help out the seals and sadly their pet seal was the best part of the movie . the goal of the h.o.t.s. girls is to steal all the guys away from pi house , so they throw " wild " parties , jump topless out of a airplane ( too bad the camera was on the ground ) , fly a hot air balloon over the pi house to launch pies on the pi girls as they sunbathe topless , etc. the script seems to have been written by a 12-year-old , which is n't a bad thing . i liked the fast-paced wackiness of it all and the frequent topless scenes were nice . unfortunately i did n't find any of the girls even remotely attractive . if this film was remade today with the same amount of nudity and with nikki ziering , brittany daniel , shannon elizabeth and jenna jameson as the four main h.o.t.s. girls and maybe catherine bell as the house mom it would gross over $800 million in dvd sales . i also agree with one of the previous reviewers who complained about the lack of rear shots . how rude 
dvd neg 616.txt i can only imagine how painful it must of been to & quot ; act&quot ; in this film . after the first half hour it was like a train crash to watch . do anything you can to get out of sitting through this 
books pos 524.txt this is the author 's presentation of the satipatthana sutra , the basic sutra on mindfullness . as in all of his works he does the work of a good dharma teacher very well . he keeps his own personality and teaching idiosyncrasies out of the way so that the student 's understanding can arise naturally . there are more elaborate and academic descriptions of the sutra available and more detailed descriptions of how to use the sutra in meditation . but this is good basic information presented in a good manner with no frills or personal quirks . the author gives a good commentary on the sutra and explains why he translates certain passages , but he also gives the alternate interpretations . this is a fine basic introduction to the central issue in vapassana meditation . highly recommended 
books pos 399.txt i found both volumes of ms. cook 's books fascinating . i could not wait to return to them . i learned a lot about eleanor and the time in which she lived . i will buy copies of both for all my children and suggest that my grands read them as well . 
music pos 30.txt i would say that this is the closest that cheap trick ever got to making a perfect album . there are only two songs on here that i 'm not one hundred percent crazy about...the slow and gloomy depressing title track and ' on the radio ' , which i think kisses up to radio d.j. 's too much . i love the rest of this . this album was my introduction to cheap trick and i would definitely recommend it to anybody as introduction to them . ' surrender ' is an out and out classic and possibly my favorite cheap trick song of all time . like most of the rest of the album , it 's heavy , it 's catchy , has great singing and interesting lyrics , and it says all it has to say in three to five minutes . ' auf weidersehen ' is another favorite tune of mine...it may be one of the heaviest tunes c.t. has ever done . i particularly love bun e . 's energetic drumming on it . zander really rips his vocal chords to shreads on this tune ! another great hard rocker is ' stiff competition' . of the more pop oriented songs , i would say ' taking me back ' is another personal favorite of mine . probably should have been a hit , dang it ! ' how are you ' shows off the band 's terrific sense of humor...i particularly like the reference to one of their earlier songs ! the other tunes from the first half that i did n't mention are also terrific , particularly ' on top of the world ' . my only complaint about this newly remastered version is that it does n't include the lyrics , which were included on the original lp version . that is but a minor complaint . i do n't think cheap trick ever made another album quite as great as this one . 
dvd neg 585.txt fifty-five minutes into this film , after freya ( jane march ) listens to the beast 's explanation of his current condition- -it is the punishment of odin for killing a bear- -she says , " what does it mean ? it makes no sense . " although there is still half an hour yet to come , these eight words pretty much sum up this low-budget variant of " beauty and the beast . " the very title blood of beasts ( plural ) makes no sense . the film shows us only one beast- -a kind of man-bear- -and he is a revived and metamorphosed version of odin 's pet bear , blended or fused with the man who killed it . academic scholars might argue that swaggering-but-cowardly sven ( played by william gregory lee ) is a kind of beast as well ( thus giving us two beasts ) , but we have no way of knowing what the writer and director intended . most likely the title was devised by somebody in the marketing department who had not seen the film . surely the blurb on the back of the dvd 's hard case was written by another marketing person who never watched it either ; e.g. , it is untrue that freya " must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fiance are captured by a tormented monster . . . cast out by his people . " nor is it true that " the beast [singular] . . . battles with freya for his redemption . " further , expect no truth in these grand-sounding words : " prepare for the ultimate tale of love and sacrifice , damnation and salvation . " btw , the front of the hard case has a fake sepia picture of jane march / freya shooting an arrow in an impossible manner : the arrow 's shaft is two or three inches above her hand that 's gripping the bow . with one exception , the acting is a perfect match for the script : laughably poor . the exception is the beast ( played by david dukas ) . one is tempted to quip that only this role has " teeth " ; the fact is that only his role permits audio engineers ( or whoever ) to enhance the actor 's voice electronically , only his role required serious make-up , and only his role required a " special effect " ( his morphing back to agnar , which every semi-conscious viewer , by a third of the way into the film , knew was coming ) . other viewers have commented on the comical tropical setting of this viking saga and the laughable " ships . " most preposterous is the tiny skiff that freya and ingrid ( candice hillebrand ) use to rescue king thorsson ( greg melvill-smith ) . on the island , the beast possesses an iron cage ( which clearly has been welded together using 20th - or 21st-century equipment ) ; when the king is confined in it , it can only be secured from the outside- -and yet , when freya is put inside it for her own protection at night , only she has control of its locking device . how convenient . the costumes are also anacronistically interesting , but only ms. march 's deserve extended comment . when we first see her , she is wearing a little black viking bikini as she swims with friends ; then , besides flimsy chain mail , we see her in an array of gowns that seem to be fashoned from finely woven or knit fabrics- -the final one being most noteworthy for its sequined molded push-up bra-top . lest this review seem too harsh , a few individuals connected with this film deserve special mention for their outstanding contributions : mark thomas , who composed the viking music ; rob bishop , one of the focus pullers ; ryan lotter and steven ndlovu , two clapper loaders ; andrew gribble , a grip ; ben phiri , the generator operator ; guy bonner , transport manager ; johannes sithole , fabrication assistant ; kirsty taylor , prosthetics ; maxmillian van der merwe , standby set dresser ; dirk knoesen , stand-by [sic] carpenter ; sally van der merwe , scenic artists [sic] ; janine wyatt-mair , stunt performer ; grace sibiyo , seamstress ; diane allen , hair supervisor ; bianca , trainee make-up assistant ; ian thysse , medic ; and mark ferda , who did double duty as both dialogue editor and re-recording mixer . oh , one more thing : after coming out of her cage in the morning , jane march seems to have a nude swim in the sea , which the poor beast views from hiding , far-far-far away 
books neg 202.txt will somebody please tell me what the appeal is ? yes , i know it 's a classic . but it 's a really , really boring classic . the prequel to charlotte bronte 's , jane eyre , is the story of bertha mason 's childhood whose literary conceit is to tell us why bertha went nuts . it 's also a didactic dinosaur relic of the 1960s that traces the source of her madness to the fact that they did n't like little french girls in jamaica . racism , sexism , and classism drove bertha ` round the bend . there . i 've saved you the trouble of reading it . now re-read jane eyre instead 
camera neg 943.txt i measured 7 batteries out of the pack of 20 with la crosse charger , which i also bought from amazon . the capacity ranged from 547 mah to 2002 mah , with the average being 886 mah . that 's about a third of the stated capacity . before i took the measurements , i made sure the charger works properly by testing it with two different brands of aa nimh batteries : la crosse and energizer . both scored very close to their stated capacity . therefore , the test is valid and sunpak 's claim of 2650 mah is grossly overstated . my advice : avoid sunpak like the plague ! 
dvd neg 801.txt this is one of the worst films ever made ! and i mean it ! ! one of the worst scripts i have ever come across . the acting is hammy and the direction is very weak ! there was no reason for this movie to exist ! & quot ; turbulence&quot ; was a good movie and they should of stopped at that but two sequels ! no way ! if you like the 1st mabye try & quot ; turbulence 2 : fear of flying&quot ; but stay away of the 3rd . this is one terrible movie ! believe me ! 
software pos 177.txt this is the easiest way i 've ever been able to make cd's . it realy makes photo cd 's easy and produces a great product . a group of frinds and us just got back from mexico and i put all of everyones photos in separate files on a cd . the automatic slide show goes through the differ n't files as if they were just one file with no seperation , but the pictures are still separated in each person 's file for ease when printing and so forth . it 's great , wish i would have had this years ago 
dvd pos 588.txt othello is a difficult production for me to watch at any time . seeing the horrors of jealousy run amuck to the destruction of innocence is painful at the best of times . in the instance of this production it is even more painful because it is so well done . the story of othello is that of a venetian general who marries a local daughter of a nobleman . the general happens to be black . in an effort to sabotage the general , iago undermines the faith of the husband for his wife leading ultimately to the tragedy of her death . while shakespeare gives motivations for his characters , interpretations and emphases tend to vary . kenneth brannagh 's production of othello emphasies iago as a troublemake who likes to cause trouble simple for the sake of doing so . this production , with ian mckellan in the role of iago , puts more emphasis on his desire for revenge in reaction to a perceived slight . both are accurate portrayals but the former seems to show more delight in " being bad " wheras the latter seems more inclined to " get even " . both are excellent and accurate but the emphasis in this film makes the heaviness of the theme that much more difficult to endure . the role of desdemona is portrayed in this version by imogen stubb and she is a delight to watch . she bring an alluring innocence to the role that makes her demise all that much more tragic . so too is the title role played admirably . the problem with othello is that he is at heart and honorable man but lets his passions rule him and cause him to lash out with devatiging consequence . this is a fine performance all around with a difficult play . if you can keep your anger at the antics of the characters in check , it is well worth the time 
dvd neg 555.txt the movie is a piece of art . one of my all time favorites . the extended edition dvd is very badly compiled . the bonus features are sub par with bad video quality . the alternate ending and beginning look like they are from a totally different film , and do not have the bi look and feel . other special features are small and without much substance . the extended edition of the film itself is not spectacularly extended . it is not a director 's cut ( the dvd states this upfront in the opening credits ) so it not fun to watch . do n't get this if you are looking for a lotr style extended edition 
music neg 336.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
dvd pos 548.txt i saw this movie on tv years ago and loved it . i thought the storyline was terrific . there 's plenty of action , family situations , love interest , but , mostly , this movie engages you - - it forces you to care about the characters . it 's a great movie . three words : keep tissues handy 
software pos 889.txt coreldraw x3 is a fine product . it has added some nice features from v-11. coreldraw came with a rebate and i must say amazon failed big time in helping me apply for it...on line was a joke replied by e-mail 3 time never got a reponse...talked to reps 2 times they did not help....yes i got the product in 5 days....but if you have a small problem....amazon aint gunna get r done 
software neg 606.txt this was my first time to ever attempt using a software program to file my taxes . turbotax sounded easy enough . and it was pretty easy at first . the software interviewed me in an efficent manner and saved all of my information . but the final tax forms i needed to file with were not included on the cd-rom package . turbotax instructed me to get them by using " one-click update . " well after i update and attempt to restart the software , turbotax refuses to come up at all . i ca n't speak for this software on windows machines . but if you are using mac os x , i suggest you explore other options first 
camera neg 358.txt broke the day after i got it . but when it worked i loved it 
health pos 691.txt smaller size did not fit me or my son . it would be nice if you could use perhaps a hat size to determine right size . standard size worked fine . 
books pos 209.txt what a wonderful book . it 's too bad so many readers today know only tom wolfe , not thomas wolfe . even though it has been at least 10 years since reading look homewood angel , i knew almost immediately when i came to the new sections . they add a depth to the novel , bringing in the whole town and relatives , rather being only about eugene gant . my favorite wolfe readings involve trains ; the experience about time stopping for a moment when you look into the eyes of someone looking directly at you into the train , is exactly as i remember my earlier train rides.what are they doing now , that the train has passed ? other 800 page books might be dull , but not this one . having been given it as a present recently , i am very surprised and disappointed that it is already ' out of print . &quot ; more people should know about o lost 
software neg 889.txt this software never worked after installation using the cd i bought it ask me to extend my preview " your preview using this feature has expired to continue using purchase the full version today " i have tried to contact the seller in vain . this is very unfortunite for such people to continue hacking customers money with under rated product 
camera pos 758.txt shooting with a dslr is great in a lot of ways , but the sensor crop kills my wide-angle capability , which , to me , is absolutely awful ! personally , i hate zoom lenses . i 've got a full set of nikon primes . and while i 'd prefer a prime lens , these zoom lenses are the only game in town for wide angle on crop sensor dslr . i like this lens because it goes wide on digital . i suggest you buy this lens for the 10mm and keep it at 10mm because the 10mm wide end is really where it 's at and the reason to buy this lens over the alternatives . for anybody considering 10mm vs 12mm at the wide end , unless you mostly use the narrower end of the focal length most of the time , 2mm is a significant difference in field of view on short lenses . as the focal length increases ( eg , from 400mm to 600mm ) , the difference in angle of view is not very large . but the difference between 10mm is 12mm even though " only 2mm " is no laughing matter , and if you do n't believe me , you can do a comparison in a camera shop to prove it to yourself . if you end up deciding to get a 12mm , you want to buy the sigma 12mm ( i think it is 12-24mm ? ) because that lens covers full 35mm frame ( and the angle of view has got to be absolutely amazing ) ! also , if sigma or nikon reads this review , please make an 8mm or 9mm f2.8 rectilinear crop sensor prime ! and if sigma reads this review , i want some f1.2 or f1.0 afd primes ! 50mm for film maybe even a digital sensor version in some medium range focal length ! i would definitely buy ( full frame coverage of course ) a mid length and a medium wide angle and a short tele ! neither nikon nor canon makes anything like that ( well , canon kind of does / did ) , so you 'd have the market segment dominated 
books neg 387.txt i had to buy this book for a class . it is an extremely boring read and i struggle to keep myself awake while reading it ( as does the rest of the class i am told ) . it does tell you about dreamweaver though and i suppose that is its purpose . one thing that i do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing internet explorer and other isp's . his personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary 
camera pos 591.txt the only two drawbacks to this lens are that it requires a huge amount of light to take quality photographs and it is relatively slow to autofocus , especially where there is not adequate light . aside from this it is a good but not great lens . it is probably worth the money that it cost , however , i believe that a better lens would be the 70 - 300 mm vr which costs about 4x the price of this lens 
music pos 956.txt jigga is incredibly hot on this album beanie is good to great . memphis bleek , is really good on this album , but is overshadowed . his " 534 " shows how good he is , this album does not . overall as an album it does a good job of showing off roc a fella , but not to much about the dynasty 
camera neg 884.txt the en-el3a is a works fine and with no problems . however , amazon is misleading its customers by putting a lower price from a partner company as the primary price of the item . amazon should market the item at it 's price and show the partner price as an option unless the item can only be obtained from the partner . the 2 stars is not for the item but for amazon 's misleading advertisment 
software neg 280.txt systemworks continues to grow , taking ore hard drive space and messing with more stuff on your computer , and i 'm likely to buy an alternative next time i update . note it stops working entirely if you install upgrades to your computer - a new hard drive , motherboard , or processor and symantec requires you to spend a fortune on another copy . i like the basic functions , but there 's too much baggage to recommend this product anymore 
dvd neg 19.txt the quality of the dvd 's was good . however i did not like the third season as well as the first two seasons . it seemed that the story was setting up for season 4. 
dvd pos 791.txt a wonderful movie which deserved all the awards which were bestowed upon it . it is refreshing to view great movies with wonderful stories minus bad language and nudity . as a big fan of greer garson , i must comment on jane bedinger 's review in which she claimed that ms. garson was having an " affair " with the actor who played her son . ms. garson fell in love with and married richard ney about a year after the movie was made . i do n't see how ms. bedinger could consider this an " affair " . 
software pos 328.txt the product did just what i wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . i had an earlier version of nero but it would not do this . 
books pos 708.txt this book has a lot of information about how protecting wild areas works in wa and and an overview of the protections offered by the united states government . it then provides the inspiration to get people started through true stories of grassroots projects . while the book does n't list 1 , 2 , 3 , what needs to be done to start a grassroots movement , that should n't be expected , because all people have different motivations , and this book should be used as a tool to help you understand the basics of how these sorts of movements work . a must for anyone who wants to further understand washington state for all of its great wild places , or anyone for that matter , that is looking for inspiration on why wild areas should be protected . plus all of the proceeds go to a great cause 
dvd neg 694.txt this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen ! complete waste of my time 
music neg 408.txt this is the 4th worse song to be put out in 2006. seriously , this is awful . very juvenile and materialistic . this guy and his rented chains need to disapear . what a waste 
software pos 964.txt this product did an excellent job of figuring our taxes . this is the first time we 've tried something like this and found it very easy to follow and complete . you can go back and change things or review them , it gives you a way to e-file , you can print out all the copies that you may need . i was surprised how easy it was to use . however it took us a long time because we read all the items very carefully and double checked everything but it saved us a lot of money from what we used to pay our tax preparer . i was very happy with it 
music pos 99.txt you can resume eddie cochran very well with one cd.after all , when he died he was only 21 years old.this selection is almost the same if you except 5 songs of the legendary master series released in 1990.his best songs are there:summertime blues was of course a favorite of the who , who often featured it in their concerts.i am particularly fond of jeannie , jeannie , jeannie , c'mon everybody and the marvellous somethin'else with it 's great shuffle , a trademark of eddie.if you are interested in rock 's early days , you 'll enjoy this cd 
music pos 626.txt this is the latest entry in the lost legend series and it is the best alblum since the very first lost legends alblum release . the songs match up and compliment each other better than any of the previous alblums in this series , so well that it sounds like a dance alblum . i give it a high recommendation for any surf music fan . try alldirect.com for the best prices on this series of alblums 
dvd pos 818.txt great movie and musical numbers courtesy of quincy jones and the wonderful cast . 
books neg 563.txt this is my first ludlum book and it is sure to be my last . the plot is preposterous because of ludlum 's limited understanding of economics and history . once you realize that , all interest in the story falls away . it starts off plausible enough...and the blurbs on the jacket imply some " weapon " more powerful than a mere 270 million dollars ! hitler gained power because of the alignment of a number of situations that made the ground fertile for his brand of megalomania . some spoiled , rich american brat and his fortune would hardly make a difference to the currents of history . i know that this is only supposed to be a work of fiction , and it is all in good fun , but the plot-concept needs to be much more believable to hold my interest . if you do n't need logic in your fiction , it 's interesting enough as a cloak and dagger story , but it falls far short in the historical ( and economic ) fiction department 
dvd neg 350.txt the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known hollywood cliche in film making.i applaud the effort.the chicks in this film are happening babes fo sho.but there ai n't much to the film but it has some fun to it 
camera neg 407.txt these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair . 
dvd neg 965.txt i was eager to see this movie , having loved the original " american werewolf " movie ; but was sadly disappointed . i did n't care at all for the characters , the humor was missing completely and generally it stank up the screen . mark me off if you do n't agree - i know you rude lot will anyway - but that 's my story and i 'm sticking to it 
camera neg 227.txt was dropped onece and it broke . computer doe n't recongise software with windows xp . kids were disappointed they could n't see there pictures . called the company and they were no help 
music neg 899.txt you know the music industry is in decline when people are giving this single a perfect rating . run for cover 
books pos 793.txt [...] if you are curious about the cambridge patonists , patrides carefully edited selection of texts gives you the cream of the crop ! - benjamin whichcote , ralph cudworth , john smith , henry more et al . - material reprinted from the original texts , complete with all the archaic but fascinating english spellings . the texts are fully annotated with comparisons and references to a wide range of cognate works . if you are reading the cambridge platonists as part of an academic exercise or are otherwise familiar with their milieu , well and good . you will know what to expect . i think it is worth saying something here - for the general reader . i am sufficiently ' unmodern ' ( or perhaps ' un-postmodernist ' ) to read the cambridge platonists because i think they still have something valuable to say ! not everyone would agree with me - but , i think the portrait of benjamin whichcote which graces the cover of this book ( and the frontispiece ) says something about the sort of men we are dealing with . ( the portrait still hangs in the gallery at emmanuel college , cambridge ) . there is composure in that expression . it seems to infuse the whole being of the man . it is the expression of a mind which has found calm waters , seen eternal verities . one of the papers in this book - ralph cudworth 's , was preached as a sermon before the house of commons ( i.e. the british parliament ) . things are different with us today . we are no longer certain of eternal verities . it seems almost incomprehensible - now , to think that when the cambridge platonists were expounding their ideas in the 17th c . , they were touching on matters of concern to most thinking people . religion and science had not yet parted company ( despite being called a ' father of modern science ' in school books , issac newton was a deeply religious man , very much in tune with the ideas of the cambridge platonists ) . the great beauty of the cambridge platonists , is their calm confidence , their utter conviction that there are eternal verities , that reason and faith are complementary faculties . thus , on the one hand , they looked back to the philosophers of antiquity ( strictly speaking , they are neo-platonists , taking in everything between plato , plotinus , ficino / renaissance thought , even hermeticism ) - and the legacy of christianity , while on the other hand - they were alive to the emerging ' scientific ' spirit , the renewed quest to understand the principles ordering the phenomenal universe . for them , there was an intelligent - and intelligible order in the universe . for them , reason ( capital r ) still had its pre-kantian , classical sweep . ' reason ' was not a mere idea in the head , an itching in the cranium , but presupposed the divine nous ( intellect ) , intimately connected with the activity of a divine energy ( energeia ) informing the pattern of the universe . we find them preaching against false religious ' enthusiasm ' - as soundly as they preached against atheism . " good men spiritualise their bodies ; bad men do incarnate their souls . " " we are no more than second causes ; and our suffiency is only in god , who is the first . a second cause is no cause , divided from the first . " - benjamin whichcote . 
health pos 153.txt i just got my first case of this fabric softener last week and yesterday , i was walking downstairs when the smell of lavender hit me - i was surprised because i had n't sprayed any lavender freshener in the air , when i realized that my boyfriend was doing a load of laundry . like seventh generation 's lavender laundry detergent , i love this product - if you use them in tandem , not only do your clothes smell like *real* lavender ( not the chemically-based smells of mainstream products ) , but they come out clean and soft . i especially like the lavender smell for my sheets and blankets and it 's gentle enough to use on my baby 's clothes , too ! i love that it 's made with natural products and real lavender essential oil . it 's also safe for my septic system , so i 'm sold on this product . if you 're sensitive to the chemical-based scents of the mainstream fabric softeners or ca n't find one that smells good to you , try this one ! 
software neg 283.txt while installing norton antivirus 2007 xp , a norton message flashed that i must delete webroot for msn . i did it , and it resulted in crashing the session . tried first the paying phone support and gave up after 2 hrs wait . then ried the online chat . the wait went on for 9hrs , started #245 in the queue and by now in lline at #59 i realized this was not the norton i 'd used for so many years , i ordered kapersky anti-virus . 
software neg 809.txt save your money ! ! ! i used the evaluation version of system mechanic version 6 for 29 days and thought it was great enough that i paid for and upgraded to system mechanic professional version on the subscription option for $69.95. i download the installer and ran it at 7:30 am on sunday morning . none of the modules , i repeat none worked . i uninstalled . cleaned out my registery and directories of all traces of this and the previous version and reinstalled , several time to the point that i gave up at 8pm the sam night . i search the online support and found no help . i wrote an email and as of today ( wednesday ) have not yet received a reply . their phone is constantly busy but i did get through last night at 7pm eastern time ( they close at 8pm eastern / 5pm pacific ) and was transferred to tech support . for the next hour i listened to the message : " all of our support specialist are busy . please stay on the line and your call will be answered in the order in which it was received " until 8pm when the recording switched over to : " thank you for calling iolo . our business hours are from 9am to 5pm pacific time . please call back during these hours . " i 'm extremely upset . i 'm not a noob and have been using computers since the 386 days . as soon as my american express bill cycles , i will call and have the charge removed . version 6 was great , version 7 tanks . save your money . spend it with a company who responds to their customers 
dvd neg 654.txt this is arnolds fakiest film . i mean , a demigod ? i ca n't believe this at all...fakiest film . yes arnold is in peak condition in this film , but his other films are simply a little easier to swallow...come on arnold , no one talks back to zeus 
music pos 686.txt i put off buying this for many years . having heard many posthumous albums that were just hideous , i did n't want to taint my perceptions of the queen legacy . so i ignored this album . then , one day , i was listening to innuendo and that old curiosity crept in again . i came here and read many positive reviews , so i took the plunge . i came out the other side very content . the legacy had not been tainted . the album is uneven in places , but the songs that are good are very good ( mother love , let me live ) . with some albums like this , it is often easy to tell that the vocals were spliced in . now , i do n't know exactly how this was done , but the songs feel seamless , even the dance track " you do n't fool me , " which i can picture being blasted at high volumes in a late-night club . of course there is some sadness in the songs and that feeling that time is running out ( especially in " mother love " ) , but upon the conclusion of the album , i want to say to the brian and the boys ( men ) , " you 've done good . 
books neg 45.txt when i found " hour game " in paperback at our local library 's monthly book sale , i thought i had hit pay dirt . but i cannot believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as " the winner " and " absolute power " could turn out such a dog . long , boring , and confusing . i fear that mr. baldacci hired an " aspiring young writer " to " help " him crank out a quick book . i cannot pass this book along to my friends - - i could n't do that to them . it will be tossed into our blue recycle bin . what a waste . what a shame . 
music neg 960.txt from the twang of his guitar to the cowboy hat perched on his head , george strait is totally and completely revolting . i mean , for goodness sake the man 's like 100 years old ! how much longer is it going to take for everyone to realize that ? if you like this kind of music , please go to charter before you 're beyond help . take this as a warning-do n't buy the cd 
health neg 160.txt i was very disappointed in this dryer and am returning it . it is very heavy and i am not a weakling ! it is also very big . with my arm stretched out all the way i can barely get it to my head . because it is so heavy and big i have ' banged ' myself on the head with the ' fingers' . just things to consider when deciding whether to buy this dryer . 
dvd neg 632.txt stay away from all the movies from wesley snipes ' and steven seagal's . they are brain-dead movies with brain-dead screenplays , bad directors , bad everythings . this movie , like other viewers ' said , drove me nuts . i have to wear straight jacket to refrain myself everytime when i watched these two guys ' movies , otherwise i might have crashed my tv set or trashed everything around me in order to vant my frustration . amazon.com should also stay away from selling this crappy movie . god help us . 
software pos 208.txt as you can see by other reviews above , the studio series has a history of being buggy . you also hear a lot of people saying " this package is so much more intuitive and easy to use than the other ' powerful enough to be worth owning ' packages - - if only it were more stable ! " i am one of those long-suffering users ( 5 years , going back to version 9 ) , and finally with version 10.6 i have stopped complaining - - it now works as i 'd hoped when i bought it . the $300 i spent on other packages trying to do better was wasted - - i kept getting frustrated with interfaces that a 500-page manual could n't clarify . and i 'm a very sophisticated computer user by most measures . i am turning all of our old family video tapes and cd 's into dvd's . i use studio for all the editing ( have not tried the dvd recording - - just use roxio for that ) and am now very pleased . if you own 10.5 then version 10.6 is a free download . one important piece of advice that would have saved me lots of problems : put every " project " you work on in a separate subdirectory . if you have 5 soccer game videos make a / game1 , / game2 etc. series of subfolders . if you edit those to a " jimmy 's great plays " proect , put it in a separate / jimmyplays folder . when projects are in the same folder and you edit them a few times weird overwrite problems can happen in 10.5. i learned this trick before 10.6 came out , and i do n't know if it matters any more but i take no chances . why did i stick with something where i admit that version 9.0 was " powerful but unstable " and 10.0 was " more powerful and more unstable " ? because i can actually use studio with minimal reference to instructions , and when i use it things turn out as i expect . now that it has become stable and reliable i am a very satisfied customer . so that 's how i got from being a frustrated studio customer to giving it 4 stars on this review . i tell the whole story so you understand that the other reviews from frustrated people are relevant for the older versions , but that " 10.5 updated for free to 10.6 " really is the best choice out there now.. . as my unused expensive rivals to studio on my shelf prove . just keep putting every project inn its own folder ! 
software neg 716.txt i could be home in bed . but i 'm fing around trying to undo the install of the biggest mistake i 've made to date...purchasing , tossing money in the toilet for nero7. the damage and the time it 's taken to recover is about 20 times it 's cost . useless . i ca n't copy a disk . i ca n't burn and image . what 's the deal ? ? ? all the negative stuff i 've read true . unfortunately after i paid for nero7 before reading what others have to say . what really puzzles me is who all the folks are that are writing all the wonderful reviews ? employees of ahead ? keep your distance or you 'll be sorry 
books neg 998.txt this book is a place to start at best . the main part of middle eastern cook that i find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices . this book calls for dried spices at times . the dishes do n't produce the food that i remember eating growing up with my family . the book is not a total loss , however . the spinach pies are acceptable . there are many other books out there that i would recommend first 
camera neg 520.txt i bought my canon a95 in november 2004. a little after 1 year just after the manufacturer 's warranty expired , the infamous e18 error struck . i called the factory repair center to get a repair estimate , and they quoted $89 plus $8 shipping & handling . i bought the camera for $300 online , now it 's going to cost me roughly 1 / 3 of its purchase cost to repair it . for all i know , it might break down again after the repair ! the repair comes with 90-day warranty period , but it could break again after 90 days . and then.. . there is an upgrade option . canon offers a program where you can upgrade a95 for a610 for $125 plus $10 shipping and handling . this comes with only 6-month warranty . again , it could be flawed with the same e18 error that could struck after warranty expires . i would really do extensive research before buying another canon . 
software neg 685.txt i have been using turbo tax for years just as i jave used quicken for years . one of the big plusses for me was it 's deductible , a program that places values on items you give to charities and imports directly into turbo tax . it 's deductible was a stand alone program until 2006 when it went to intuit for online entries . you could not longer buy the program to install on your pc . this would have been ok but then intuit would not allow you to see the values placed on donations until you purchased turbo tax . intuit thinking of the bottom line rather than the customer . i hated that and told intuit my feelings - no response as i expected . but what the heck , i entered my donations through 2006 and when turbo tax 2006 came out i purchased it from amazon for a good price . after installing turbo tax i went to see what my donation values were and to import the values into turbo tax from my online entries . nope - no can do . not only was it 's deductible buried in turbo tax with a very clunky and slow link to start the program but there was absolutely no way to import . after much searching on intuit 's support pages - always a chore - i finally found a page explaining - no import . but if you like you can get a voucher to unlock the online values and then manually re enter the information into turbo tax ! what a crock . on top of that using it 's deductible and turbo tax slows my duo core pc to a crawl . i will look elsewhere next year 
music neg 922.txt after breaking the collective hearts of the soft rock-loving populace by leaving the powerhouse group chicago , traitor cetera made a half-baked attempt to reconcile himself with his fanbase by recording this stinker . it 's coincidental that the first track is titled " big mistake " , as if traitor knew his leaving one of the premier groups of our time was the worst decision he would ever make . i bought this album way back in 1986 with some birthday money , and after i had listened to the album once , i made myself go and apologize to all of my family members for wasting their money so foolishly . what else is here ? oh , you have the " karate kid ii " ballad " glory of love " , a tune so nauseating it 's made me completely ignore the second film in the canon , and go straight from the original " karate kid " to " iii " and " next " whenever i do my yearly film marathon . i just pretend the second film never existed . it also has the semi-smash " next time i fall " , where traitor makes it a point to hog the spotlight completely from guest vocalist amy grant . in short , if you a ) thought cetera 's leaving chicago was a great decision , or b ) like your music pointless and nauseating , by all means get this album . if you want music with real heart and soul , just go buy some chicago . you 'll be glad you did 
camera pos 561.txt this product fits my camera perfectly and is not at all bulky . a great safeguard from falls and the velcro latch provides just enough security . 
software neg 830.txt does n't work on mac like it says that it does louses up your machine not worth i 
health neg 602.txt was very disappointed by the performance of this unit . not enough pressure . pretty useless even with new batteries 
dvd pos 883.txt sure , the pacing is slow compared to today 's hyper / cyber entertainments , but antonioni 's visuals are still incomparable . scene after scene resembles nothing so much as a matisse canvas , and the final shot is a stunner . lovely , achingly felt picture 
books neg 544.txt i m not a big fan of communism , nor of stalin . but i cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts in some other books i have read on similar subject and found that author edvard radzinsky is strongly biased against stalin . in the entire book he seems to give no credit for anything to stalin nor to his leadership qualities during the course of second world war . dont waste your money on a propaganda book . better to go for an unbiased account from a neutral observer , thats what biographies are supposed to be 
software neg 270.txt i wanted to use this product to tape sporting events , as part of a promotions unit i belong to . i had used videowave 7 which was ok and produced a more than adequate product , but would on occassion crash to the extent i would have to reload the software . i thought i would give pe 3.0 ago , since adobe products generally have a good reputation . well , it goes to show that you ca n't just rely on reputation . the program lets me down horribly when capturing the video from the camera . the camera records dvd video ( vob files ) straight to dvd . when i capture these files into the pe program , all moving images within the video become pixelated with lost resolution to the point of being useless . i have tried various other ways of capturing but always the same result . there is nothing to be done from that point...for me this program falls on the first hurdle ! ! it is unbelievable to me that a professionally released image processing algorithm could corrupt video so badly , and frustrating that i actually paid money for it...a first year undergraduate could have provided a better effort . i have subsequently gone through the motions to produce a video , and to be honest he layout of the settings , ease of applicaiton of various functions is quite good and better than videowave 7 imho . i was able to produce quite nice edited products with intro , text and audio overlays very quickly . still this is n't much use when the video itself had already been digitally butchered . if you are videoing things that do n't move you may well like this product . if you are videoing dynamic scenes , give it a miss . big disappointment 
health neg 740.txt at first , i thought this product was great , and i used it for a few days . then , i noticed that my face was getting red and swollen . now , i look all deformed . i am really upset ! ! the acid ate away at my face and i am still waiting for my face to heal . i called neutrogena and they said it is probably an allergic reaction . march 23 , 2007 , update : after the swelling on my face went down , my whole body started itching , and i had to go see two different doctors . the internist said that it got into my system , and gave me two strong prescriptions to get it out of my system . i took the medication for over 2 weeks , and used cortizone 10 several times a day to relieve the itching . my arms and legs are all scared . there are still marks now even though my arms and legs have healed . this was the worst product that i have ever used , and i do n't even have sensitive skin . i never had a problem with a product ever ! ! i was very careful when i used rapid clear . it never got in my eyes , nose , or mouth . i used it once a day for a week until my face swelled up and turned all red . i looked like the character on mask . horrifying ! ! ! i will never ever buy another dangerous product from neutrogena , again ! ! ! ! i will tell everyone what happened to me ! ! ! the funny thing is.... . one person that i told this to , who also saw my swollen face , .... she said this exact thing happened to her with another neutrogena product . so , i know it 's not just me ! what the heck is neutrogena putting in their products ? 
music pos 922.txt well , this is n't at the gates . nightrage reminds me of many old arch enemy guitar tunes that were so melodic . of course , that leads into gus g . substituting chris on concerts being an excellent choice , as they make very similar melodies . some people say this album is heavy , which it is in some parts . but its melodic death , there are no signs of thrash or anything . just great melodies , great headbanging music . add this to your collection , i think its better than sweet vengeance 
music pos 670.txt this arrived the other day , i pre ordered it . two of the greatest songwriters ever in my opinion . its about time this was available on cd and here it is . sounds great ! go get it for the collection 
dvd neg 112.txt gene hackman is jedidiah tucker ward , an aging yet tireless litigant for the public good , enemy of evil corporate type and the bane of overpaid attorneys everywhere . on the other side of this gap of good and evil is maggie ward , jed 's headstrong daughter . between them is a products liability lawsuit involving car lights that kill people . the premise suggests the ending - jed will win the day , but not before his daughter has been transformed into a noble attorney . jed will fight the good fight ( which will require supreme grandstanding ) while maggie learns just how amoral her side really is . what robs this courtroom thriller is what 's missing in virtually every courtroom thriller - a case that could go either way , an actual case in controversy . maybe because of the amount of preemptive litigation required just to produce a major motion picture , hollywood is simply too beholden to lawyers to make a truly biting film about them . instead of a compelling case , we have one that 's ready for our verdict as soon as we 've seen the suits worn by either side or their offices . the case in " class action " is one you can typify as " david & goliath " , which is to say that the end has been fated to be won by the little guy by a higher power . there 's no way that we 're going to see a case won ( even by dishonest means ) by donald moffat 's hired band of harvard-trained professional liars , and there 's no way anybody in the audience is going to buy their arguments . maggie 's bosses are so transparently bad , that not only do they screw up , but even their explanations are patently evil even so , the film stacks the deck against them by cynically attributing to them as evil what are basic facts of life for lawsuits of this kind - namely that products liability plaintiffs will make overbroad requests for discovery , and defendants respond in kind by deluging the other side with documents responsive to the request but otherwise valueless . for a thriller about high-paid lawyers , " class action " has all the legal acumen of high-school mock-trial , with fewer suprises 
books neg 245.txt if you think you 'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting , then you 'll enjoy this book . 
dvd pos 256.txt hilarious from beginning to end ! dr. pearl er eugene levy , will you marry me ? ? ? ? 
dvd neg 812.txt i agree that this is technically an excellent film . but it is also unrelentingly grim and without a payoff of any kind . given the lowlifes who inhabit this story its hard not to sympathize a bit with richard widmark 's character . his enthusiasm is as boundless as his optimism . but in the end he does n't just lose ; he is literally thrown away as garbage . and then there is the wrestling scene which was so gruesome it was hard to take . all in all , i was left with the question , what is the point ? the commentary leaves a lot to be desired as well . its basicly a description of what you 're watching , while you 're watching it . i see everyone regards this as a masterpiece so i 'll watch it again but as film noir goes there is something very unsatisfying about this movie . 
health neg 572.txt it ran good and i liked the different attachments , but i gave it away because i was uncomfortable with not having a lid like my previous one did 
books neg 172.txt at least this author mentions the " mockery " strategy martha / mdiddy tried to use to " fog " the public . the " real issue " of whether martha / mdiddy committed the crimes , and lack of an effort to encourage an answer to the question " did martha stewart " lie , demonstrates some complacency . is it this complacency martha / mdiddy and her pr team try to encourage and promote ? is it the " greyness " of white-collar crime that martha / mdiddy was trying to play on ? is society the ultimate judge about a person 's guilt or innocence ? if so , what has martha / mdiddy been judged ? be " thoughtful " ~shaw 
camera pos 624.txt this is the perfect gift for any occasion.i bought one for my husband for his birthday and he took it to work next thing you know everyone was on here buying theirselves one.it is a very easy thing to load pics on and hook up to your tv.he sales cars and hes got his on his desk showing his family off and cars that they also have on the lot for the older people who are unable to withstand the heat so they sit right at his desk and check every car out on his digital frame.i give this frame an a++++++ 
dvd neg 390.txt i watched this movie , not because i am into ms. milano , or her breasts , but because it was shot ( sadly ) at my high school- -shattuck-st . mary 's school in faribault , mn . does n't say much for the school , or for the faculty who had bit parts in it . 
books pos 743.txt ... i really was n't expecting a writer i would like almost as much as howard and mckenna ... what a great find ! if you like uber-alpha , warrior , edgy good-guy hero ( ex navy seal ) and a likable , feisty heroine , you have got to try this author . read this in one sitting 
camera neg 348.txt i purchased this product about 2 months ago , the resolution is not the best but it 's acceptable . after a month , it turned off by itself and would n't turn on again ! ! i sent it to repair and had to pay $50.00 ! ! ! somenthing to do with the power button . i have it on a ups with battery , also freezes for no reason . i do n't recomend it 
music neg 389.txt it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing 
software pos 477.txt i became a committed user of onenote in its orginal version in 2003. the new 2007 version seems to improve somewhat on this product 's functionality . i use onenote as a depository for research information collection . i can create any number of notebooks and subdivide each into any number of sections and subsections , which allows me to put information where i want it . i recommend that people who collect information in one form or another give onenote a try . 
camera neg 889.txt i used to have an canon elura 70 , which was an excellent camcorder but the firewire transfer did n't work so i decided to replace it with the elura 100 only to find that canon had discontinued the elura line . i really wanted an elura for the improved video quality over the low-end zr models . so as a compromise i purchased the zr 850 which has a 1mp ccd , not a good as the elura ( 1.3mp ) but better than the other zr 's ( .640mp ) . the video quality was n't bad but the motor noise was so loud i could n't believe it . i returned the first one but the replacement was just as bad . this is n't a minor hum in the background i 'm talking about , its a full-on whine ! i also found the zr camera to be difficult to handle with my small-ish hands and the video stabilisation was a bit disappointing . luckily i could return both cameras without incurring a restocking fee and found a reconditioned elura 100 that is much more satisfactory . its a mystery to me how canon can produce two markedly different cameras ( quality wise ) in the same price range and opt to phase out the better one 
dvd neg 77.txt who would give the green light to this ? it is a total remake of the 1968 classic . the only difference is that there is a slight revamp to reflect modern times . since it mirrors the original then it deserves what the biggest complaint hsould be of it...it pales in comparison to the original . this was really weird to remake this movie . " dawn of the dead " was cool b / c it had a new , fresh spin to the story . this has no scares , no atmosphere , no innovations and no riveting performances . skip this one 
music pos 728.txt as a former piano major i can assure those who would purchase this dusc that it is well worth it . reminiscent ( dare i say it ? ) of horowitz 
health neg 152.txt i also had the heater on mine go out after a few short months . i really loved this machine though ! it actually blew air ! and it has the nice safe switches unlike the toggles that most have now . i had one of those previously and my cats turned it on while i was gone and almost burned the place down . so anyway , i 'm trying to contact the manufacturer , but i doubt it will do any good . too bad . loved it while it worked . hoped it was a fluke and was going to order another before i saw the reviews 
software neg 282.txt i 've a norton user for many years . i ' upgraded ? ' from nav 2005. this product was a pain to install . i had to uninstall zone alarm , which is n't noted anywhere . i 've never had to do that before . the installation process required rebooting multiple times . in the past it had been an easy process . not anymore ! i will not buy norton in the future 
music pos 742.txt unless you frequented jazz clubs in baltimore or philly in the fall of 1955 , this would have been your first exposure to the miles davis-john coltrane collaboration ( a few tracks recorded for columbia , the label miles would soon be joining exclusively , a few weeks before this session were n't issued until much later ) . davis settled on coltrane as his replacement for the departing sonny rollins almost by default - no one else fit the bill or new the book . that they would stay together long seemed unlikely because their temperaments differed so much ( davis was a hands-off leader , coltrane wanted constant input from miles on his playing and music in general ) . stablemates ( a benny golson tune ) is the track that seems to draw the most attention . it 's an excellent composition , and although coltrane sounds somewhat tentative ( nervous ? ) , the performance is attractive . but my favorite side is there is no greater love , even though coltrane sits this one out : miles plays beautifully , and i love the emotion he wrings from the tune . true , this is an early effort by the group that would transform modern jazz , but it 's a very good session nonetheless . the group plays well , the rhythm section is rock solid , and they are all off and running . full speed ahead 
books pos 702.txt abby cooper has become my favorite amateur pi . the premise of this series , a young woman private detective who has strong psychic abilities which she uses to solve cases , is original and fun to read . abby is a psychic , but she also has the same trials and tribulations of a normal young woman , money , sibling and romance issues . in this latest book , abby , her sister cat , and abby 's handyman dave , buy and plan to renovate a house , only the house turns out to be haunted ! poor dave , abbey 's partner and handyman , is attacked by his own chainsaw as he begins the renovation ! determined to find out what 's going on , abby begins investigating the history of the home and discovers a missing treasure with ties to wwii nazi germany . in order to solve the mystery , abby depends on her spirit guides to help her on the case . there is danger for abby and her friends from an unknown stalker and the romance between abby and dutch becomes more intense as they each must sacrifice some of their independence to become a real couple . ms. laurie has a great series going here , and i look forward to reading more abby mysteries . 
health pos 379.txt i absolutely love this stuff . i would recommend this to any person that has frizz . it makes my hair feel so silky smoothe . i started using it about 2 months ago and cannot stand to go without it . just use a little because it can make your hair look oily if you use too much and do n't put it close to the scalp either for the same reason . i tried the chi silk infusion because i thought they would be the same since they are both made by farouk but the chi is not nearly as good . i would give this 100 stars i could . 
dvd pos 247.txt this dvd contains all of the original ben stiller show episodes , plus an extra un-aired episode . the show was not only far ahead of its time , but also timeless as is evidenced by stiller 's subsequent successful movie roles that drew from many of the characters from the tv series . for anyone who was a fan of the tv series or stiller 's movies , this dvd is a must 
software neg 750.txt this concept is good but the user interface and playability is terrible . my 7-year old was frustrated with being forced to use the keyboard and no mouse . and we could n't figure out a way to go back to the main menu without exiting the game . and playing a later level requires you to go through all the earlier levels . and...did they actually test this thing on humans ? what a waste of potential . it is a good concept 
camera neg 798.txt my kids can see better through a toilet paper roll than this " telescope . " meaning , you ca n't see a freaking thing through it . do n't waste your money 
books neg 941.txt it 's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers . the book is very basic providing mostly very general information . the chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs . the book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both . certainly wo n't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by bicycling magazine 
dvd neg 565.txt i love britney so i went against the bad reviews ! man was i wrong it is sooooo bad ! ! its the worst dvd in history 
music pos 329.txt bone thugs is always keepin it real . this album gots good production and of course them good lyrics . i love the beats on this album . the songs i got in my top 5 are straight bangers no doubt . this double album is a classic by bone thugs . you should cop this album . all tracks are 4-5 minutes long , each emcee spittin there verses , good stuff . definately check out this album now ! ! ! my top 5 songs 1.handle the vibe 2.look into my eyes 3.body rott 4.it 's all mo ' thug 5.ai n't nothin change 
dvd pos 110.txt i will be utterly honest , i do n't buy music cds anymore . with so many bands hitting the streets faster than i can imagine , i honestly cannot keep up with them all . music begins to sound the same , corporations seem to have their pre-determined hit prior to the public even forming their own opinion . those like the simpsons , backstreet boys , and even hip-hop artists are blending together to sound uniform , unoriginal , and overly drab . i had nearly lost my faith in music , retreating to some of my older music like dmb , counting crows , and travis , but then i found ... the suns . stumbling around the internet i discovered , shockingly , one of the videos to their album called " romantic death " . it was one of the most creative and disturbing videos that i have seen in quite some time . then it hit me , i could n't get this song out of my mind . throughout the whole day i had the beat , the lyrics , and the overall sensation of the song stuck in my mind ... and i had only heard it once . like a drug , i needed more . when i returned home that evening i found the song again and could n't stop listening to it . for the first time in a long time , i had found a new band . then , i bought this album . knowing nothing about the band except for the " romantic death " song , i put this in my dvd player and continued to be impressed . their videos are just as smart as their music . their tracks seem to cover every genre of music from folk , rock , and even hard edge . their lyrics seem well-considered , smart and a voice to a new generation . my favorites of the album are : " must be you " " romantic death " ( parental guidance is suggested ) " lost at home " " rockstop " " we tried " in fact , every time i listen to this album i find a new song to explore , a new song to jam to on the way to work ; a new song to enjoy ! for those skeptical of this band , i suggest this album to test your tastes . not only does it provide songs for you to burn onto other cds which allow friends and family to explore this band , but also all of their energetic , original videos that will never see the light of day on mtv , but can be watched from the leisure of your dvd player . the sun are a breath of fresh air to the music industry and this album finally got me out of the corporate rut that seems to be plaguing this industry . " ...if the rockstops , it 'll be all my fault.. . " grade : ***** out of ***** 
dvd pos 8.txt julia plays a struggling mother trying to make ends meet and then she gets a job and takes on a giant corporation in a court of law.julia manages to extract a lot of information fom people mainly through her mammary glands and the benefits of a wonderbra but that is just about all that this movie has going for it . i give this film 5 stars because julia does look pretty attractive in it at most times 
health neg 633.txt i saw a review that made it seem like these were indistructable . not so ! they tear easily . better than just empty wal mart bags though , but not by much 
music neg 504.txt this is a copy of the review on amazon.com for van zant 's get right with the man which is another sony corrupted title . " this cd secretly installs drm ( digital rights management ) software on your pc without your permission . not only does it do this , but the software then hides itself by installing as a " root kit . " as per wikipedia , - - root kit from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . a root kit is a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system . these tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . root kits are known to exist for a variety of operating systems such as linux , solaris and versions of microsoft windows . a rootkit typically hides logins , processes , files , and logs and may include software to intercept data from terminals , network connections , and the keyboard . in many sources , rootkits are counted as trojan horses . - - in this instance , sony installs drm software to copy protect their cd , and prevent it from being copied to various devices , all the while not telling you , the user , or letting you uninstall it because it hides itself from the user and windows . manually trying to uninstall it like some people have done , results in their cd-rom drives disappearing entirely from windows , as sony installs their own custom cd-rom drivers onto the system . do not support this wreckless kind of copy protection . show the music business this is *your* music . *you* purchased it , and they should *not* be able to dictate how you can use it . do not buy this cd . " a list of affected titles can be found here : http : / / www.eff.org / deeplinks / archives / 004144.php and another part of an amazon.com review for the van zant cd " amazon rocks . they pulled they infected cd 's from sale and allowed these reviews that tell of the problems . shame on sony they not only messed with the consumers but also the artists . " trey anastasio , shine ( columbia ) celine dion , on ne change pas ( epic ) neil diamond , 12 songs ( columbia ) our lady peace , healthy in paranoid times ( columbia ) chris botti , to love again ( columbia ) van zant , get right with the man ( columbia ) switchfoot , nothing is sound ( columbia ) the coral , the invisible invasion ( columbia ) acceptance , phantoms ( columbia ) susie suh , susie suh ( epic ) amerie , touch ( columbia ) life of agony , broken valley ( epic ) horace silver quintet , silver 's blue ( epic legacy ) gerry mulligan , jeru ( columbia legacy ) dexter gordon , manhattan symphonie ( columbia legacy ) the bad plus , suspicious activity ( columbia ) the dead 60s , the dead 60s ( epic ) dion , the essential dion ( columbia legacy ) natasha bedingfield , unwritten ( epic ) ricky martin , life ( columbia ) ( labeled as xcp , but , oddly , our disc had no protection 
software neg 157.txt obviously bogus reviews . version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . of course rasing the price to $300 and $450 is less interesting . what about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone 
software neg 267.txt i tried unsuccessfully several times to install it . i contact their alleged support . they sent me what they deemed a " fix " . the fix was awful . it caused my computer to crash and print shop would never work . broderbund used to be a good company but i 've had nothing but problems with their software of late . they need to rethink their products , their support , and their company focus . they are lousy at this point . they obviously do n't give a dang about quality , support , or their customers 
books pos 748.txt this was an astounding book about an even more astounding woman , rachel shilsky , a.k.a ruth mcbride jordan . written by one of her 12 children , james , this book is both biography ( mother ) and autobiography ( child ) . a polish jew ( white ) who fled her oppressive surroundings in backwater virginia , ruth met and married two different black men and managed to raise 12 children in some extremely difficult circumstances in harlem , new york . not only did she start a baptist church with her husband , she coped with a regular dose of racism , some significant poverty and still managed to send 12 children to school ( all of whom became professionals , and productive citizens ) . the book is written by the son , but the voice of the mother is registered throughout ( in italic print ) . she evades all queries about her background , her family , in fact any of her history , and it is not until much later that the son uncovers her history ( abusive father , crippled mother ) and the reader is even more impressed with the fortitude and will that it must have taken this woman to make her own life in a community that was not of her economic , racial , or religious experience . although the book is ostensibly about this man 's childhood and his remarkable mother , it is also a fascinating glimpse of racism , religion and social exclusion in the black communities in new york in the 1960s . each of ruth 's children experienced a certain unease about their racially ` different ' mother and yet each became aware of who they were and what they were about . this book is just a marvelous read . full of funny and sad tales of a rather unique family life , mcbride 's work is a tribute to his extraordinary mother . 
dvd pos 398.txt this is my favorite toning workout and i 'm sure to incorporate it into my routine for my once a week tone-fest . what i like best about it is that i can customize it to whatever body part i think needs the most work this week . need a 30 minute ab workout ? you can choose it . think the arms and legs need work ? no problem . want to tone a little bit of everything ? you can do that , too . the instructors are all good - clear , not irritating , and they come up with some unique exercises to work each body part - it 's not your standard crunches for ab work on this video . this was one of my best purchases , workout-wise . i wish there were more dvd 's / workouts out there with minna lessig - she is my favorite instructor ( she does the arm / leg workouts on this dvd ) . the other two instructors are wonderful as well - and the workout just seems to fly by , although at the end you do know you 've worked those muscle groups . 
software neg 883.txt i purchased this item from amazon . the disc had scratches and was unable to either use it or get my money back . these items can not be returned 
software pos 952.txt i only installed the product two days ago and have not really been able to give it a solid workout . that said , my initial take is very positive . as a writer and lousy typist , i think it will increase my productivity expotentially . i look forward to really getting into the nuts and bolts of the product very soon 
books neg 501.txt there is only one 100% whole grain bread recipe in this book . most of them are less than 50% whole grain . if you want healthy bread recipes try " breadtime " by cheney or " the laurel 's kitchen bread book " by robertson . every recipe in both of those books is 100% whole grain . i doubt that most people considering a book titled " whole grain breads.. . " are looking for recipes that contain just a small portion of whole grain ingredients . with that being said i thought the book had some good recipes and was well written . therefore , i am willing to give it 2 stars as opposed to none . 
books neg 509.txt i enjoyed the parts regarding the s.s. valiant , but the later part of the book simply did n't work for me . except for picard , who we of course know quite well from the series , the other characters were flat and uninteresting . we never find out what is motivating the alien attackers and they are the cardboard cutout enemy-of-the-week , boring . the whole & quot ; adversarial&quot ; situation with the 1st officer also just struck me as odd and wrong , and was just not developed correctly or fleshed out beyond being another cardboard enemy for picard 
books pos 512.txt the book & quot ; communicating effectively&quot ; is a home run ! the format invites an easy read with quick reference potential . building on the fundamentals of good communication lani takes us around the bases and adds authentic and practical ways of dealing with issues we all face . she brings us home again with new skills learned and a more effective game plan to approach the communication challenge 
software pos 349.txt this is a great product . it easily performs all the functions a small business needs , if it is to be taken seriously in the marketplace . i 'm impressed at how seamless it integrates all the accounting functions . essentially , you never enter information more than once and it always anticipates the most logical next step . my clients are impressed at receiving e-mailed estimates and invoices that are clear , timely and professional . this is a must 
camera pos 84.txt i bought this hood after reading elsewhere that it fits the 50mm f / 1.8 mark i ( the version with the metal mount and distance scale ) that i purchased recently . canon specs the discontinued es-65 hood for this lens . the great thing about this et-65iii is that it is longer , so it blocks more stray light without vignetting on full-frame or 1 / 6-frame slrs . the interior on this mark iii version is also flocked , providing a bit more light absorption . i 've used those collapsible rubber hoods before while in college , but this hood is definitely worth the investment : well built , fits backward on the lens for storage ( but too long while the lens is on the camera ) , and provides good protection for the front of the lens ( it 's quite deep ) . note that this will not fit the newer 50mm f / 1.8 mark ii version ( all plastic mount with no distance scale ) 
books neg 204.txt this book is undoubtedly very good value for a birding handbook ( certainly by european standards ) . but the physical packaging is a total disaster . it has a ridiculously rigid spine and tiny page margins . it is difficult to read text near the spine , and virtually impossible to keep the book open on a particular page . the most unuseable book i 've ever experienced 
health pos 402.txt works great and with any mattress . due to severe neck injuries i can now sleep better at a slight incline . thanks ... 
software pos 264.txt thanks for office . i bought a new h / p desktop that only had a 60-day office trial - - and literally had to pay the price . thanks to you , i 'm glad i did n't have to pay full retail . installed like a charm - - downloading sure has gotten a heck of a lot smoother . bless your hearts 
music pos 584.txt really enjoyed hearing all of them again . there is some great talent on here . i hope they all get their own opportunities ! i do think in some cases there are some better songs to show off these great singers voices . 
music neg 92.txt this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the 4 first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame 
dvd pos 740.txt it 's difficult to identify the exact pinnacle of alfred hitchcock 's masterworks , especially as he had a most fruitful period during the 1950 's until the 1960 classic " psycho " , but 1946 's " notorious " is arguably his most perfectly crafted and cast film . first , there is a sharp , intensely plotted script by the estimable ben hecht that focuses on alicia huberman , the daughter of a convicted nazi spy , and t.r. devlin , an american agent hired to convince alicia to spy on a clandestine group of neo-nazis based in rio de janeiro . this means she would have to seduce and eventually marry alex sebastian , a key group member who has never gotten over alicia in his heart . this triangle is embodied by three stars at the height of their powers . a primarily poker-faced cary grant portrays devlin close to the vest and charismatically hides his emotions under a veil of cold arrogance . in a series of scenes that pierce with a subverted eroticism , devlin falls in love with alicia but cannot find the courage to admit that to himself or to her . claude rains , on the other hand , imbues sebastian with such an open romanticism and sad streaks of jealousy that we can actually sympathize with a nazi war criminal a year after wwii ended , quite a daring feat within the film 's historical context . at the vortex , though , is ingrid bergman , who probably gives her most accomplished performance as alicia . at the time , she was deified as the chaste mother superior in leo mccarey 's harmless " the bells of st. mary 's " with bing crosby . bergman turned a smart corner here as a " loose " woman in love with the bottle until she is transformed by her love for devlin , at which point , she becomes a stylish decoy to draw the nave sebastian to her alluring charms . ethereally beautiful and constantly pained , she conveys much of her character 's feelings through her eyes and subtle facial expressions because she and grant portray two people who ca n't admit they desperately want to be together even if her life depends on it . their failure to communicate leads to alicia sinking deeper into the morass of some nasty espionage business that ultimately puts her life in jeopardy . the chemistry between the two legends is palpable , especially in the then-controversial , three-minute kissing sequence that put censors into a tizzy . however , above all , this is a hitchcock film , the film is filled with his genius for ingenious subjective camerawork and suspenseful set pieces , the latter perfectly illustrated by the party sequence at sebastian 's mansion starting with an unbelievable dolly shot right into alicia 's hand clasping the cellar key , which she passes to devlin to find what is being hidden in the wine bottles . there are intriguing performances on the sidelines with louis calhern as the head of the american agency in rio and the intimidating madame konstantin as alex 's ice-cold mother , both displaying a machiavellian spirit to get what they want . the criterion collection has done another masterful job with their dvd package , including an alternative audio commentary track featuring renowned hitchcock scholar marian keane providing insightful scene-specific analysis and film historian rudy behlmer . as was common with movie hits of the day , the movie was recreated in condensed form for radio , and the 1948 lux radio theater adaptation starring the voices of ingrid bergman and joseph cotten is included as well . there are also lots of still photos , a collection of trailers and teasers , and even production correspondence and script excerpts of deleted scenes and alternate endings for the more anal-retentive among us . this is a true classic and required viewing for any fan of hitchcock , bergman , grant or rains 
music pos 240.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song 
camera neg 201.txt very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows 
health neg 676.txt it 's a handy mirror for the price but if your looking for a good vanity mirror , i suggest looking for something larger with a higher magnification . the light is not great at all . it 's very dim . one of the good qualities of the mirror is that it 's cordless and comes with an adapter if you do n't have batteries handy 
music pos 457.txt this cd is a classic , a must for all those who loved the movie . i wondered if i would get a crackling type of sound , but it is as crystal clear as the movie sound . this is perfect for those who want to practice the songs for a " sound of music " event or a singing class ! 
books pos 91.txt this book appears on most of the ' best of ' science fiction lists that various pundits and critics have put out , even though it is not a very commonly known work . does it deserve such a placing ? i think the answer to that depends upon what your viewpoint is about what science fiction , as a form of literature , is supposed to accomplish . the idea is simple enough . a new drug , developed from the bacteria that causes syphilis , is found to have the property of greatly increasing a person 's intelligence , but with major side effect - it kills the user in about nine months . the story follows one louis sacchetti , a conscientious objector to a seemingly interminable war , and who would already be considered to be a genius by most standards , as he is transferred from a standard prison to a facility specially constructed to see what will happen to its inmates when given this drug . the story is told through the means of a journal that louis is encouraged , almost forced , to keep . as this idea is extremely similar to that of daniel keyes ' flowers for algernon ( which was later made into the movie charly ) , comparison is invited . flowers emphasizes the tragedy of the hero , a man who struggles to find those bits of knowledge that will help not just himself but all mankind , up against an unbeatable problem , that of his own retreat to sub-normal intelligence again . camp concentration follows a completely different path , that of the essential selfishness of the individual , of nihilism , of the despair of ever being able to change humanity in any meaningful way . the inmates that louis initially documents are apparently using their greatly enhanced intelligence to investigate alchemy as a means of providing immortality , not for humanity in general , but for themselves and the ' warden ' of this prison , humphrey haast . louis , meanwhile , seems caught up in crafting new poems and a play , entitled ' auswitch , a comedy' . the title is indicative of something disch does throughout this book , playing with names and titles to produce another layer of meaning behind the straightforward words , and is fairly effective in doing so . the tone is the primary thing here , a very dark , brooding atmosphere , enlivened by a very wide ranging vocabulary and many references , both buried and open , to other works of literature ( most especially dante ) , and scientific and psychological theories . readers who are not familiar with these references may feel a little lost at places in this book - at least i did , as my breadth of knowledge in these areas is clearly more limited than disch's . but from this tone , disch develops his themes of the corruption of man , of his baser desires , the absolute horrors of what man is capable of , and where such capacity leads . as such , this book is almost the complete antithesis of flowers for algernon - that is , until the ending of this book . the ending of this book , i felt , rather drastically detracted from its overall message , as it does n't seem to fit with the rest , and has a little of a deus-ex-machina feel to it . given the many layered discourse that disch presented in the rest of the book , which while sometimes difficult to follow , was certainly excellent writing , this ending was a disappointment . while this is certainly a major entry into the dystopian side of science fiction literature , whether it truly qualifies as a ' classic ' will be , i 'm afraid , very much a matter of opinion for a long time to come . but it is certainly worth reading , if for nothing else than to see the darker side of genius competently presented . - - - reviewed by patrick shepherd ( hyperpat 
camera neg 569.txt i bought this because it was 50% off . i ca n't see how anybody can get much enjoyment from trying to look at photos on this viewer . i guess for background noise , it would be good but as a photo viewer , it 's not . small screen + low resolution = poor viewer 
books pos 332.txt a lot of very useful info in a small book . i 'm less than half the way through and i 've already learned enough to make it worth the investment to me . the chapter on using tables was just what i needed . i would recommend this book to other beginners who are still trying to make sense of it all 
music pos 60.txt attell is one of the few decent comics out there right now . i was n't that big of a fan until i saw this in a record store and decided to give it a shot . i 'm running out of comedy albums , there 's not that many good ones out there . so i bought it and i was impressed . the audience is obviously drunken college kids who were very familiar with the show " insomniac " . they would laugh and scream if just slammed the microphone into his forehead the whole night . he has very good timing and delivery though and his jokes have very unpredictable punchlines for the first time you are hearing them . you never see the punchline coming a mile away . he is vulgar so if you are sensitive in any way to graphic sexual scenarios and profanity , stay away . he is one of the few that i enjoy now , tragically mitch hedberg died in march because he was another . the increasingly popular dane cook does n't do it for me . cook 's retaliation cd has broken all sorts of records for a comedy album . i think cook is very marketable to the college , 20something crowd , guys like him because he 's the loud obnoxious drinking buddy from the frat , chicks think he 's cute . i recommomend attell myself , he is vulgar but is just a better comedian 
software pos 711.txt microsoft office pro 2003 edition is a good product . it installed easily over office pro 1997. i have n't had any problems with it ( yet ) . it relies heavily on online links , you probably should have a fast dsl connection or broadband if you are going to use the online links . update : i am using windows xp with office pro 2003 and today was disappointed to find that the help menu is not as user friendly or helpful as earlier editions 
software pos 156.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars 
music pos 536.txt gerry beckley is " timeless " . his new cd is awesome and seems to go back to his roots . his songs over the years last lifetimes and bring back amazing memories.this new cd just proves he hasnt lost his touch . anyone who does not agree , doesnt know the real gerry . i have had the privilege to meet him and talk with him many times , including being able to celebrate new years eve with them after a concert with the rest of america and their families.he is one of the nicest people i have ever met , and his songs have always been a part of my life . i hope there are still many more cd 's still to come and look forward to seeing him again in the near future in concert and afterwards 
camera neg 349.txt i purchased this for my 10 yr old son . i was surprised at how , well , cheap it appeared . we took it out of the box and turned it on and it would not work at first , then it worked for about 10 minutes , then it never worked again and we had to return it . amazon was great during the return process and refunded our money quickly . we ended up buying the dgx 5.1 mp from a local store i it 's place . it has worked well for my son and is holding up to the rigors of youth . not a professional photography instrument , but a pretty decent unit for him 
dvd neg 765.txt so this was the breakout movie for mira sorvino , the one that earned her an academy award for best supporting actress in 1995. this movie , and mira sorvino 's performance in it , was so bad that after it was over , i just had to find out who her competitors were for the 1995 best supporting actress category . let 's see.....according to wikipedia they were : kathleen quinlin ( " apollo 13 " - a fairly standard worried-wife-of-astronaut-in-danger role ) , mare winningham ( " georgia " - did not see this one ) , joan allen ( " nixon " - did not see , but how hard can it be to play the wooden pat nixon ? ) , and kate winslet ( " sense and sensibilities " - did not see either , but ang lee was robbed by the academy here also ) . it only proves just how few good roles there are for women in today 's hollywood that mira sorvino could win an oscar for this sort of performance . and i was beginning to warm up to her , too - she was great in " romy and michele 's high school reunion " , and terrific also in " beautiful girls " . so , what exactly is so bad about this movie ? here 's a brief list : 1. mira sorvino plays the entire movie in a high-pitched falsetto that sounds like her voice is breaking . another reviewer described this as similar to listening to fingernails on a blackboard . maybe in 1995 , because she was new , the academy did n't realize that this was n't her real voice and took pity on her... . 2. stupid plot device of the greek chorus . 3. stupid happy ending with a twist . 4. lots of profanity and dialogue that includes explicit descriptions of sex acts done in pornography movies.....while this movie is not itself a porn flick , the explicit details of the porn industry included in the dialogue definitely makes it not a movie for families to watch . 5. odd sight of a very old and wrinkly woody allen ( with dyed hair and bald spot ) making out with two women young enough to be his granddaughters.....all right , so i 'm just jealous - woody still looks gross... . 6. cliched , poorly developed characters , a plotline that goes around in circles , and lots and lots of pointless , unfunny dialogue . in summary , this movie is bad , bad , bad..... . 
music neg 266.txt this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep.. . which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves . 
dvd pos 240.txt the freshman is a very funny movie . the central joke is that marlon brando plays a godfather type figure in lower manhattan who for obvious reasons looks exactly like the titular character brando so famously portrayed . matthew broderick is the freshman , an innocent nyu film student , who through some comedic misadventures gets involved with brando and his " family " . the funniest scenes involve a komodo dragon loose in a new jersey shopping mall though the whole film is a delightful comedy . the movie has no real violence and though there are a few mild " bad " words the movie is fairly appropriate for viewing by older kids and families . 
health pos 505.txt i had been using a spring scale for years and it was fine until i went to a friend 's house and saw what i was missing . i put that scale on my wish list that day . this is a lightweight , fairly compact scale with " on / off " " tare " and " grams / ozs . " buttons . it has a clear , plastic , removable bowl for measuring and says it can weigh up to about 3lbs . and down to 1 / 4 oz . i like it for its slim design its ease of use and for its easy clean up 
dvd neg 630.txt first off , robert deniro as the monster . i saw him and immediately thought of jake lamotta or vito corleone . they did n't even try to disguise his accent and no-one ever explains why the monster sounds like he just got off the plane from new york . second , kenneth brannagh was so in love with the set that he forgot about story . finally the scene where elizabeth was ressurected was ridiculous . frankenstien 's shock that she 's not happy to be back- -burnt up , cut of and her heart pulled out of her chest- - was supposed to be touching but i laughed . we all know how great kenneth brannagh is but he got completely carried away here and the result was really , really , really bad . i give it two stars for the pretty costumes and utter magnificence of aidan quinn 's face . 
dvd pos 171.txt great movie - there is n't anything i can say that has n't been said 100 times . 
software pos 946.txt i think this is actually a very good os . there are a lot of new features and home premium appears to be the best vista os for the money . i purhased a new pc with this os and have really found no compelling reason to upgrade to ultimate for $150. only legitimate gripe concerns drivers for non-microsoft products . not excatly sure why this is microsoft 's problem though . regardless , this os is the smart choice for a new pc for home use . accept a minimum required graphics and audio card until suppliers catch up with this new os . then upgrade . otherwise , wait till you need a new pc 
health neg 8.txt this pedometer is so much cheaper ( ~$7 ) than the typical decent ones ( that go for about $18 - $20 ) .. now i know it is for a reason. . the buttons are flimsy , the package looks very cheap , the one i bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work , also found that the sr citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device. . terrible ergonomics / form factor . would recommend spending a bit more and getting the omron / oregon sc $18 pedometers - much better form factor , high reliability and quality 
software neg 29.txt i have to qualify this review by saying that i do not own pm 8.0 , so i cannot fairly give a rating , despite overwhelmingly negative reviews . i can only relate personal experience with norton / symantec products . i do own and have used pm 6.0 since ' 01 when it was still powerquest instead of norton / symantec and it has worked very well , though the gui is a bit quirky . i have run it with 2 drives , one with 98se and xp pro , with pm loaded on 98se partition and it did everything i needed on both drives . trouble is , version 5.0 is , afaik , not compatible with xp and since m$ no longer supports 98se , we have a problem , houston . currently i am using a mobile drive bay to switch drives as needed . if i get a drive partitioning software product compatible with xp , it most assuredly will not be anything produced by norton / symantec , based on these reviews and personal experience with norton / symantec products . i first bought a computer in ' 98 and used norton antivirus 5.0. at that time , norton was probably the best antivirus product out there . it worked flawlessly and i used and recommended it for years . no more . i purchased a copy of symantec system works 2005 right after it was released . long story short , i no longer use norton products because i got tired of the system crashes and stability issues caused by the unstable bloatware and system resource hog that it has become , and am currently using a competing product that is very highly rated but is not common on the shelves of the big box stores . there is one lone symantec product i still use- --windoctor , which is not installed on my ' puter but ran from the cd as needed . adios , anything else produced by norton / symantec . it ai n't worth the headaches when there are much better products available for less coin . 
camera pos 607.txt having just gone back to using a film camera from digital ( my wife still uses digital ) i have found this to be an excellant camera so far . i have taken 6 rolls of film and everyone one has came out perfect . i would recommend it 
music neg 917.txt there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while " playing " the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination 
books pos 737.txt i should first confess my bias- -i have often been tickled and sometimes awed by mortimer 's way with english prose for 20 years . so , in picking up this book i had the high expectations one might have before meeting an old friend or beloved teacher . no disappointment . even if some of these essays are slightly less effervescent than others , all are at least wonderful , and several are both brilliant and touching . mortimer has given us a collection of short essays , conversational and often wryly funny , which he intends as a kind of spiritual bequeathal to his family and other heirs . the chapters range across a broad range of subjects , some perhaps outwardly frivolous , like the cooking of eggs . but in the main , mortimer touches on matters of great substance- -the nature of beauty , how to be happy , surprising ways in which our world has managed to be unjust , places and times for sex , how to dine sociably , the love of children , faith and reason , the terrors of the writer facing blank paper , and many more . i found these essays to be wise and absolutely delicious . i suspect that readers who have enjoyed rumpole , or mortimer 's other biographical essays like summer of a doormouse , or clinging to the wreckage , will be quite pleased with these sketches . mortimer may , sadly , be nearing the end of his life , but at present he seems to be on a literary tear . i , for one , wish him many more prolific years 
music neg 454.txt carlos mencia is one edgy comedian ; i know this because he wo n't stop telling everyone about it . i 've never been a huge fan of carlos and after listening to this cd my opinion of him has n't really changed . he claims to be an edgy comedian and that 's his problem , if he was truly edgy he would n't have to constantly remind us in his cd / dvd titles , his show on comedy central , radio / tv interviews and most importantly during his own act . sure he talks about very racial and socially taboo subjects but so does chris rock , george lopez , david cross , george carlin , dave chappelle , richard pryor ( rip ) and countless other comedians and they are much better at it . in fact they are so good at it mr. mencia often feels to need to use some of these comedian 's jokes in his own act , a true sign of respect for those who came before them ; at least that 's what carlos seems to think or maybe he 's just plagiarizing because he 's not funny enough to come up with descent material . needless to say i was not laughing while listening to this cd and it was n't because i find carlos to mean spirited , or crass , or politically incorrect ; it 's because everything he talks about that 's supposed to be so gosh darn edgy has already been said by other people who are much more funny then he is . there is so much good stand up comedy out there people do n't waste your time and money on this joke stealing , self aggrandizing hack . 
music neg 272.txt okay , i used to think that nelly was a fun guy to listen to . he made songs that i used to enjoy , such as st. louis , e.i. , country grammar , and ride wit me off of the cd " country grammar " . then there were a good amount of other good songs on " nellyville " . and the good thing about these cds was that there were not too many skip tracks . but with nellyville , nelly brought us the obnoxious hot in herre , a single that got plenty of radio playtime , but i could not stand . this was not a good sign for the future . then comes these two new cds , sweat and suit . i have not listened to most of suit , but i have listened to most of this , and it is pure garbage . this is the same nelly who made hot in herre for sure . it has a bunch of catchy songs that live off the beats and the hook to drive them to get radio playtime . most of the tracks are much worse than hot in herre , if that is believable . i just want a decent cd from nelly , i am not expecting a classic . instead he drops the definition of materialistic garbage , and i shake my head in disgust . avoid this one and get one of his older cds , or a cd from a better artist 
books pos 58.txt this book turns the entire concept of intelligence inside out . seriously mind-blowing . excellent exercise in extended mental gymnastics . you wo n't be disappointed 
health pos 712.txt i started taking anxietol 7 to help me with my stress at work . i am not usually a stressed out sort of person however i recently got transfered to nyc and i 'm from utah , just that move itself is enough to stress anyone out . i am working as a trader and it is very high energy . anxietol 7 is helping me cope with my new life here 
books pos 845.txt for those who endeavor to perfect fine art digital printmaking , this is the book to read . it is a & quot ; how to&quot ; and so much more . the book covers paper , ink , techniques , hand coloring and the practical application and intereaction of all of these variables . the book is cogently written and elegantly displayed . it is a must for anyone 's library who wishes to expand their horizons in the digital printing arena . ms. airey is a master of her craft and it shows 
dvd pos 319.txt this is a most beautiful movie . i can ` t imagine anyone not enjoying it . the two disc package is brilliant and i will be heirlooming mine to stay in the family long after i have gone 
software neg 176.txt they sent me a product that was n't legit and would n't take it back . horrible service & i do n't recommend anyone buy from this particular vendor ! just a horrible waste of time & money 
camera pos 847.txt i bought this camera to replace a high mp sony pocket camera , and i am thrilled with it . the picture quality is absolutely gorgeous in any lighting . the red eye reduction really works , and gets rid of the red-eye before it ever gets to the memory card . it has a compact flash card memory system , which is great because big compact flash cards are much more afforadable than the other types of cards . this camera is better than my brother 's canon slr in terms of picture quality , but not nearly as bulky and cumbersome . the battery life is fantastic . one other nice feature is the screen at the top of the camera which lets you see how many pictures you have , and the batter life , mode , etc without opening the screen . the only drawbacks to this camera are ( 1 ) not the biggest zoom lens , but plenty enough for the typical photographer , ( 2 ) the screen could be bigger , but still acceptable , and ( 3 ) when you have the screen open , you ca n't use the viewfinder , which is a little annoying , but not a big deal . i have owned 4 other high-end digital cameras and this is by far the best one i have ever used . 
music pos 251.txt his singing style is very unique as are his lyrics . he has an eclectic mix of love songs , " we are the world " type songs and a few others on this album . he has the staying power for long the long term and i would love to see him mature throughout the years and watch to see where he goes . i loved streetcorner symphony ! it is so upbeat it can pull me out of whatever is ailing me . lonely no more is my theme song for right now in my life - needless to say i am replaying grooves in that one ! enjoy this album - i sure do 
music neg 240.txt first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing 
health pos 582.txt i purchased the sound therapy radio to take on a trip . my roommate is a snorer , and i figured i needed the sound . i tried it out at home and liked it . it has a good variety of sounds and is easy to figue out how to use . the alarm and clock are added goodies for me as i was looking for a sound machine that was small and light enough for travel . it was a good buy for my purposes . 
health pos 278.txt i have gotten numerous compliments on this eau de toilette . it has a light , almost woodsy smell . reminds me of a laid back saturday at the country club or something . classy yet sporting 
software pos 128.txt not a complicated application , but it successfully repartitioned a 100g drive into 3rds on a new lenovo laptop with xp sp2. i would recommend using the dos version which you can get just by booting on the cd . requires no install , you can simply boot , make the changes , and it is done . seems to be very straightforward and i would just be inherently nervous about repartitioning the boot drive with windows running 
music pos 994.txt toad the wet sprocket have to be one of the most underated bands of the ninties . they wrote some brilliant material and a lot of the songs on this album are very enjoyable . but , there are some strange ones that are do not appeal to my taste . my fave song is ' is it for me' . it is hard to classify them though . it sort of deep and meaningful ( at most times ) pop rock . other good tracks include walk on the ocean , pray your gods and i will not take...etc . i regard this album and ' dulcinea ' as their two best albums 
camera pos 179.txt wonderful camara , excellent characteristics , has an ample selection of accessories available and protected by one of you lead in manufacture of camaras and lenses 
music pos 904.txt i consider this the first album in the second half of the career of oasis . following the departure of bonehead and guigsy , this album is basically all the gallagher brothers . having learnt lessons from be here now , oasis have gone back to a more basic style of production as opposed to the over the top production from be here now . while the songs are not as good on here , they sound better and the whole album sounds as if it was n't as rushed . this signifies a big change of direction for the band , with little less ego 's and a more sober approach to their music , it is only the songwriting that lets this album down . my least favourite of all oasis albums , it features two really good songs , 6 mediocre and 2 dreadful ones . it is missing another two songs to make it complete , i think it should have included the b'sides ' lets all make believe ' and ' carry us all' . it still includes a few beatle-esque songs ' who feels love ' and ' roll it over ' and noel once again takes over lead vocal duties , this time on two tracks , ' where did it all go wrong ' and ' sunday morning call' . this is a very important album , it grounded the band again after their ego 's had taken off . this helped relaunch the career and because of it they sound at their best today 
books neg 117.txt the author shows she is obviously making a transition from poetry to prose with this novel . her sentences are long and wordy , and her numerous metaphors make little sense in their context . she goes to great lengths to describe many little and unimportant details , causing the actual story to suffer from lack of content . her descriptions of life in general seem unreal - she describes things and events in a way that no person would do in the circumstance . the storyline is decent in some places , but it is generally hard for the reader to follow . many times , i had to go back to read paragraphs and pages again to realize where the author was going . it is true there were many points in which i wanted to stop reading all together , which is a rarity . i was altogether disappointed in the book . i thought it would be decent , from all the literary awards it had won , but it really was just pages of fluff and poetry disguised as prose 
software neg 495.txt if one is looking for an educational program to help a child learn there are much better programs on the market than mia . unfortunately we bought this as a package of mia and all suffer from the same issues . first , it takes 2 cds and a game cannot be completed without switching to the 2d cd . that compounds the problem that mia cannot be loaded on the hard drive so the game cannot be played unless the cd is loaded . having programs that require the loading of cds to play them is a pain in the neck because children do not handle cds properly and an adult must change the cds . most programs have only one cd but this one requires two . mia programs are more like video games than educational software . they are comparable to video games like spiderman and sponge bob which are puzzles to be solved . that is the problem with the mia programs . the child spends an inordinate amount of time manuevering between the educational activities so that most of the time is spent manuevering and little time is spent on education . and it can be frustrating for the child , even a child that is very adept at video games . yet because mia is more of a video game than an educational resource , children who are video game geeks like mia . mia 's science is better than mia 's math and reading because at least a written scenario is provided which helps out . but like all the mia programs , the program hangs at times so that the child cannot complete the game . worse yet because the program is always active , the hibernation and suspend operations on the computer do not function so the program must be shut down should the child leave the computer . another problem that all the mia programs suffer from is that the video only occupies a small part of the monitor screen so that the effects are dimished . other educational software fill the full screen although to mia 's credit , when the user exits the program it restores the screen to its original resolution , something not all educational softwere does . the mia programs do have humor in them which is enertaining to children and what educational material there is , is somewhat useful . the game is very lengthy . it takes hours to complete a mission . the oral instructions do not always match the written ones which are the correct ones , and are confusing to children . as the game progresses , lag time increases between segments 
books neg 759.txt not that great . a far better read is " sun , sin and suburbia : an essential history of modern las vegas " by geoff schumacher . 
software pos 467.txt i really like this program . i have purchased three different bible programs for my pda and this one is by far the best of the three . 
dvd neg 706.txt i had heard so many great things about this movie but it is just not my cup of tea . i do n't know if it because i tend to like more horror type movies or what but i was really bored by them . each of the movies started off really slow and they all ended basically the same way . i know the whole theme is humans are trash but it would have been nice for a little more suspense . the movies were violent but nothing one has n't seen before several times so i am not sure about the shock value of it...i was n't shocked , disturbed or upset.........just bored 
camera neg 555.txt horrible camera . barely had it 2 months before it went on the fritz.drained the batteries within a few pictures.so not worth more then the cost of a disposable ! ! sorry kodak...but i 'll stick with the good ol ' reliable sony 
camera neg 998.txt this camcorder is terrible in just about every way : cons : - unacceptably blurry video ; the specs say it records at 640x480 , but it looks more like 320x240 ( if that ! ) blown up to vga . - noticeable aura around any dark shape on a lighter background . - awful light sensitivity ; forget about recording indoors- -no matter how brightly the room is lit , faces will come out too dark . the built-in led 's do n't help much ( and not at all at distances over 4 feet from the subject ) . - noisy zoom that gets picked up loud and clear by the microphone . - zooming goes in irregular steps- -completely useless while recording . - video lags noticeably behind camera movement ; when image stabilization is turned on , the lag becomes so atrocious that you ca n't tell when to stop panning- -utterly useless ! - when using av-in and av-out cables , the firmware has frozen on me a couple of times ; the only way to reset the camera was to remove the battery . - video encoding ( through the av-in cable ) produces an unacceptably noisy and undersaturated result . - the lcd display has a very narrow viewing angle ; anything more than about 10% and you ca n't make out a thing . - still photos taken at the native 5mp resolution come out strangely grainy and uneven- -something like a " sharpen " effect gone wrong . i can get better looking pictures with my 2mp canon powershot a40 camera . - the manual recommends keeping the camera motionless for 2-3 seconds after snapping a picture ( that 's on top of the 3-4 seconds it takes the thing to focus before it snaps ) ; but you ca n't keep the subject from moving , folks ! welcome to the psychedelic land of image trails.. . - flash photos come out with wildly different color balance depending on the color of the background . - the manual is a sorry affair- -only 17 pages long and does n't go much beyond identifying external controls and menu options . - i could go on and on , but i 'll stop now , as you probably get the picture.. . pros : - the camera body seems sturdily built ; the controls also have a sturdy feel to them , as do the battery and the usb port covers . hmm.. . it 's the only nice thing i can think to say about it . maybe a child ( think pre-teen ) could find this " camcorder " exciting as a toy , but i do n't see how it can be enough even for an undemanding person looking to capture occasional life 's moments on video 
health pos 315.txt heats up quickly . tends to dry out more than previous chi flat iron i had . much more economical 
music pos 861.txt this is part 2 of a set titled say it right . the cd has a blue and white style vs. the part 1 that has a yellow and white style on disc and cover . also in a slim-line jewel case with the title track , non-album track , but an added dance remix plus video . if you enjoyed the first 2-track cd then this is a must . dance lovers will definitely find this to be a totally spectacular production . say it right [radio edit] has the catchy dance beats , nice vocals , excellent drums , and chorus . the lyrics are fun to sing along and strong in meaning . apparently , it 's about not giving a lover power to control , destroy , or make you loose sleep . the melody has great rhythm , chorus , dance styles , and energetic beats . " you do n't mean nothing at all to me " is repeated showing a strong message that life does n't end with someone who is n't right . what i wanted brings nelly to a slower tempo displaying depth of emotion . it 's a slow ballad with true sincerity and humility . it 's about going for something you wanted but never got . the outcome does n't matter because the reality is you gave it your all . as she sings about her dream and what she wanted it 's apparent love can be hard to let go yet comforting to do so . the melody is soothing , pleasant in sound , and refreshing for the soul . say it right [peter rauhofer remix part 1] is a hot club remix sure to get you dancing off your feet . the song takes a dive to faster paced trance like effects , different introduction , pumping jamming dance styles with techno flairs , up and down tempos as well as plenty of percussion and synthesizers . straying from the original song the vocals are still vastly heard yet filled with echoes , swirls of sounds , and much club ambiance . it 's dreamy , fantasy filled , and definitely highly paced for the dance floor . if anything is certain it is this : the remix in this cd is much better than many of her past singles . there is true dj styles incorporation more instrumentations , effects , and vast production much more geared to club hoppers and dance fans . quite sticky , infectious , and groove like this remix will get you dancing up a storm feeling like wanting to shake your body non-stop . club lovers do n't pass this out . nelly 's vocals are echoed often and electronic-a effects are vastly hard . say it right video [enhanced cd] is the video many have already seen as timbaland and nelly dance face to face and get very close as the message behind the music is reinforced . this is an excellent video with much dance styles , highly energetic beats , and flairs for control and getting the message across . overall , from all of nelly 's singles i find this to be on the top of my favorite . the combination of 2 highly emotional yet different songs plus a dance track and video makes this remarkable . definitely buy this if you are a nelly fan , club hopper , or a lover of music to enjoy for the depth of emotion , different styles displayed , and the themes . it 's definitely a top sensation . before it sells out be sure to buy it . the part 1 is also an excellent addition for those days you do n't want to listen to the remix . this is highly recommended for sure ! 
dvd neg 447.txt this 1971 offering stars giancarlo giannini in a fine performance as a police inspector on the hunt for a psycho who stuns his attractive victime with a poison-dipped needle before eviscerating them . the production is above average slick and the performances are fine , especially from giannini , but i just did n't find it involving , suspenseful or stylish enough to keep my finger off fast forward . it 's not bad , just average . the climax and the killer 's unmasking is particularly weak and anti-climactic . fans of the genre seem to really like this one , but i suggest a rental before a purchase 
music neg 283.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. . 
health pos 944.txt the chair has simple pre-set programs ( i basically use only the full-body massage ) , but also allows for designing your own massage by choosing specific movements and massage area . of course it is not the same as a real massage and not as good as the $2 , 500 chairs , but offers a great way to relax your back muscles at a great value 
health neg 701.txt to get hot lather , which is nice , you first have to get the device installed on top the can . i would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated . the directions provided are sparse in several languages . first you have to pry the top off the can of shaving cream . they provide a pry tool for that purpose which works well on some brands of shaving cream better than others . then you have to fit the device on top the can . it worked well with one brand in a large size can . when i tried it with a smaller size can of shaving cream it emptied half the can during the installation process . using a different brand in a large can , i had trouble prying the top off the can . if you have time and patience , and are willing to spend some money on various brands of shaving cream to find one that works well , give it a try . otherwise , be forewarned it may lead to frustration and bad language . it would be nice if companies intending to sell products in the us ( apparently manufactured somewhere in asia ) would provide a clear set of instuctions in english , in reasonable large readable type , with illustrations . in this case , they need to clearly specify the type shaving cream can the unit is designed for . i do not need instructions in foreign languages , and get tired of limited instructions in six languages 
music pos 894.txt i borrowed this cd from a public library , having liked the track " crazy life " on the empire records soundtrack , and i was immediately blown away by how consistently good coil is the whole way through . it is their most mature album , full of gentle emotion and idealism , and puts the listener in a good mood . glen phillip 's voice is unique , confident , and beautiful . i fell in love immediately with " rings " and " dam would break " . the haunting and beautiful harmonies captivate . " little buddha " is so different but so good as well . after i got coil , i bought two of toad 's older albums : fear and dulcinea . both are really good , but something keeps drawing me back to coil . it is achingly beautiful , vibrant , thoughtful , and pleasurable . it is hearing toad at their best . 
software pos 955.txt we ordered this program only two weeks before moving to bogota , columbia for a two year tour . however , the spanish rosetta stone taught was much higher level than the survival spanish we needed when we arrived . overall we are learning the language and it is a great program . wish we would have bought it 3 or 4 months before departing 
health pos 42.txt as an emergency nurse practitioner and paramedic , i cannot emphasize enough the importance of getting electricity to an adult who is suffering from cardiac arrest . technology is moving quickly to get electricity to the cardiac arrest victim earlier and earlier - - and the survival rates and quality of life rates after such an arrest are sky rocketing accordingly . is there too much direct-to-consumer marketing by medical-related companies ? probably . is your personal risk for experiencing sudden cardiac arrest per calendar year low ? definitely . ...but do those smug reviewers refuse to buy vehicles with airbags in them just because their risk of being in an accident is low and the direct-to-consumer marketing is irritating to them ? no ! those will be the same folks who want their cars with anti-lock breaks , airbags , the best side-impact reinforcements.. . and being a good driver ( ie , " just improve your diet " ) wo n't cancel their risk for being in an accident . i hope you never have to use this machine , but as an emergency healthcare worker - - both pre-hospital and in the emergency room - - i cannot say enough positive about aed 's in the community setting ! do n't run out and purchase this out of paranoia , however if yuo are at risk for a sudden cardiac event consider if this would be appropriate for you , your family members , your apartment building , your church , etc. ...and rest assured that it is absolutely safe - - it is impossible to hurt a loved one with this , you can only help . ...and to those who gave negative reviews on this aed ? do n't forget to pay your car insurance ! .. 
health neg 491.txt i complete disagree with the previous review on that sonicare is superior . i 've used all of the sonic toothbrushs on the market and braun sonic complete is by far the best . however , this unit is nothing like sonic complete , the sonic energy is completely in the handle , it 's like holder a vibrator . the real sonic complete channels the energy to the brush head.. . you are probably better more with one of the other two models of vitality that uses rotational brush heads 
software pos 276.txt was a fan of nortons till after reading reviews and going onsite to check out this anti-virus package , it just has more to offer and less of a resource hog 
dvd neg 292.txt my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor . it 's all style , no substance . i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks , long slow camara pans across stephen dorff 's very trendy and stylish haircut , and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with . despite the very art-house feel of it , the story is lost , the viewer is never quite sure if the " philosophy " of the main character is meant to be taken seriously , and the style is nothing we have n't seen done better other places . all in all , i found it pretty vapid , painfully slow , and incredibly frustrating , because there is a good movie in here somewhere , if only the script had gone to someone else to make . on a side note , toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser , which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went 
books neg 404.txt i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara 's pulitzer prize winning " killer angels , " and because i 'm a baseball fan . the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher . it 's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot . the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories . the feel or atmosphere just is n't quite there . any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away , flaws that distract and damage the work . shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees . why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear . the hawks apparently are from atlanta , but an atlanta team , braves or hawks , whichever , would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season . finally , when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game , he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium- -not on the mound on the field . this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose- -prose that was excellent in " killer angels . " it 's unfortunate . there are glimmers of interest in the book , but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author 's other book 
books neg 242.txt i know that as a wolf-lover i am a bit biased , but i would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect . you see , in this story , three children are left alone . a wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in , because he wants to eat them . unfortunately , that 's where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill . this is just another stupid book that , summed up , says " wolves are evil , ugly beasts who attack people ! ! we have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children ! " yep , the wolf is depicted as evil in this book . why could n't they make it something that actually hurts people , like a bear or a mountain lion ? ignorance , that 's why . the wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book . see , near the end , the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts . they plan on luring him into their trap , to get rid of him . the wolf instantly falls for it , which is lame . wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on earth ! it 's practically traditional to make children 's books with wolves as villains , and the chinese seem to loath wolves , but this book crosses the line . do n't let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage , stupid , man-eating beasts . if they already think so , you 'd be neglecting mankind 's need to know things even more by letting them read it . in other words , it 's a terrible book . 
books neg 203.txt i have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more . the language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words . these books can cause you embaesment , since i read where ever i have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it . please we would all like to see more of these 
camera neg 183.txt the powershot a520 on switch stopped working right after i started using the camera 
health neg 18.txt frankly suggest not to buy..will regret a lot after buying. . ooooo...aaaa.....ouchhhh.....tooo painful and hair starts growing in a weeek...and taking very loooooooooooooong timeee to finish one hand. . **************************dont buy******************** 
books neg 915.txt a singularly dull book , the characterizations seemed flat and the peg on which the novel is hung , a south victorious with modern weapons , seemed too trivial . the author has to make something compelling in that conceit or for the reader the book will mean nothing . unfortunately there seems little real purpose to the idea unless one finds the characterizations of historical figures believable and they are not . the character of robert e . lee in the book is just too , too good to be sympathetic or even credible and the stock characters that pop up to lend support seem like cardboard cutouts . i finally felt that the book was going in such an obvious direction that i put it down halfway through . i am not sure if it turns out the way i think but frankly there was nothing in the first half of the book to make me care one way or the other 
dvd pos 827.txt i bought this dvd collection to use in a presentation i made for a graduate school class to complement a book review of murrow . this collection is facinating for people who love murrow and those who 've never seen his work . i will use this collection in future presentations that i 'll make to my students as a professor . every person in broadcasting should buy this collection and watch it to get a great look at the man who innovated our business 
music pos 656.txt miss saigon is my favorite all-time musical ! i was hesitant when buying this recording because in my mind lea salonga is and always will be kim ! but i was pleasantly surprised . joanna ampil as kim holds her own . while she does n't have the vocal range of lea , she has a beautiful , crisp voice which she uses to emote the emotional turmoil of kim . she expresses herself in a way that makes you feel her love , pain and anguish and in turn she makes this part her own . the rest of the cast is superb ( especially the amazing ruthie henshall as ellen ) but make no mistake , this show belongs to ampil ! i also fell in love with some of the material left out of the lcr . there a beautiful bridges and songs which enrich the story . " back in town " stands out for me because of the gorgeous melodies . anyone who has fallen in love with the story of " miss saigon " will appreciate these added gems ! this cast recording is definitely worth a listen ! 
music neg 645.txt this is what you want ( 1983 ) was a terrible album from john lydon and martin atkins . after an rift between keith levene and john lydon occured during the recording of the demo tracks , atkins and lydon ran keith off and he quit the band . instead of keeping him on the finished tracks , atkins and lydon removed levene and pete jones ( the band 's studio bassist ) from the audio tracks and re-recorded them with members from their holiday inn band ( lydon hired members from a covers band who performed at a new jersey holiday inn ) . the new tracks and horrible . all of the guitar riffs and rhythm section that were originally recorded for the future album were erased . noise and other unwelcomed sounds were added to the tracks . the original tracks were far superior ( even in their basic state ) to what was released . to hear them you 'll have to find the commercial zone lp . the failure of this disc and the bickering between atkins and lydon would cause the band to become a solo project for the former anarchy king . not recommended 
music pos 512.txt we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season . 
music neg 736.txt so far , so good...so what ! ( in it 's origional form ) used to conjure feeling . the remastered edition sounds like a group of studio musicians tried to remake the album and just did n't quite hit the nail on the head . if you bought this album on cassette when it came out in the late 80s , get your hands on that version . 
books pos 625.txt this is our favorite baby book for reading with our baby / young child . each of our children , from ages 9 months to three years , has loved this book . we buy this as a gift for all new babies 
books pos 983.txt i have been procrastinating in upgrading our website so i figured i 'd read a few books.. . a great way to procrastinate some more . well marcia writes in a step by step practical way , creating a marketing foundation first then getting to the beef . i 'm now educated and inspired , have a notebook full of notes and ideas that i 'm actually implementing . it 's getting done . i 'm actually recommending this book to friends who are redoing their marketing message since the first two chapters do that so well.. . great book , not heavy , beefy info 
music neg 767.txt well , ok , mehldau 's arrangements are n't bad...he does a great version of " paranoid android " but otherwise...where 's the energy ? there 's really not a whole lot of excitement or energy in this album , and i do understand this as being a more laid back , mellowed-out album...but it is still possible to be more exciting , energetic , or emotional in this style . all three of these things are pretty much absent from this cd which ends up making it dull . :yawn 
dvd pos 93.txt i like this movie . a meeting happened in our life is very special and nearly miracle , but we do n't think so almost always . the story except political things in this movie is thinkable around here . screenplay and performance of both bill nighy and kelly mcdonald have led this movie to the excellent one . ps : i do n't understand why this movie is not released in japan 
music pos 979.txt " the guitars are n't loud enough , and neither is the bass for that matter " which is so true , but it 's still a great album . seeing them live , makes up for this cd no doubt . stand out songs : -the city sleeps in flames -the world as we know it -just a taste -my darkest hour -empty glasses -the only medicine ' my darkest hour ' & ' empty glasses ' are my favorites . i know those songs by heart 
software neg 541.txt i have purchased this product which i run on a dual core processor under windows xp professional . software is very unstable and crashes many times when i want to open a document from a url . scansoft solution is that one should save the document in once pc and then open it up . this is of course unacceptable as this software should handle this and this is just a band-aid fix . customer service is the worst i have ever experienced and nuance / scansoft need to greatly improve this . i have submitted on various occasions emails which i never ever receive a response . when talking to customer service they promise they would get back to you and so far have never ever done so ! ! ! ! extremely unreliable service . i own many of their products and will never ever purchase another one of their products . 
health pos 321.txt my mom came home from rehab and needed an easy way to reach her remote , pills , magazines , eat breakfast.. . and still get the table out of the way so she could reach her walker . this type of tray was very useful in rehab . however she did n't want something the looked like the hospital . the white top with a space for a drink and pens and pencils that do n't roll away when you move the tray was perfect . she liked the white top ( vs. the wood grain in rehab ) since she could tell when it was really clean . she was also pleased with the foot rest as part of the base . this was perfect . the reason i rated this at 4 stars and not 5 stars was that the bed kit came with one incorrect size nut so i had to go to the hardware store . 
dvd neg 466.txt this is probably the worst war related movie i 've ever seen . i am particularly incensed by several actors who are featured as being in the film are present for as little as a single minute or two . time spent watching this film is time you 'll never get back and have nothing to show for it 
camera pos 280.txt i wanted to buy a compact slim d-camera . those with larger zoom are quite bulky , you ca n't carry around all the time . i think a slim camera is a better choice . i slip into my pocket while wondering around and come across something nice and take a picture of it . you ca n't do it with a huge camera . after i made up mind about a slim camera , my choices were either casio exilim or sony dscw series . casio exilims are very sexy . they have a lot of mode scenes . they also function as voice recorder . you can take pictures of book pages etc. they have anti-shake capability which is said to reduce blurred images . i was almost buying a casio exilim . being a diligent person i wanted to search more and more . i found out that the so-called anti-shake feature is a bogus . many people found it useless . that was a good reason to choose casio . then i found the picture quality of exilim is not really good.i found some pictures taken with exilim . they were soft , not crisp colors . search the web reviews made by photo professionals . casio exilim is rated significantly less than sony in picture quality . with iso 200 noise was still detectable in most reviews . those same reviewers however found sony dscw doing a better job . there was no noise with iso 400 which means even in lower light condition sony did a better job ( less granularity in pictures with low light ) . big difference ! . one feature of sony that made it very attractive was its strong macro . it is 0.74 inch which means you can bring your camera 0.74 inch ( 2 mm ) close to an object ( say a bug ) and still take a brilliant picture of it . now comparison of exilim and sony to summarize : casio exilim anti-shake ( it 's a bogus ) slim lower macro ( 2.5 inches ) lower picture quality ( detectable noise at iso 200 ) a lot of scene modes quick shutter sony dscw series slim ( in fact it is slimmer ) higher macro ( 0.74 inches ) higher picture quality ( no noise in iso 400 ) not a lot of scene modes quick shutter so.....i purchased a sony dscw 7 mp. i took lots of pictures . they are all brilliant , detailed and crisp , true colors . i tried macro and took pictures of bugs . you can see the hairs on the legs of bugs . absolutely no noise whatsoever , no blurry . it 's a marvel of technology . i took pictures of fireworks in july 4th using high iso setting . they came out brialliantly like professional pictures . it also uses a different kind of battery that you ca n't buy at your grocery which can leave you vulnerable . so you may wanna buy a spare one ( about 40 bucks ) . but you can always recharge it . and it lasts much much longer than aaa or nimh batteries . it was a perfect choice . i highly recommend it . 
software neg 329.txt i purchased this updated version 1 / 5 / 07. it does not print correctly , and technical support assured me that the developer is " working on the problem " and a " fix " is soon to come . this is march 1 , and no update is available yet . this program is un-usable and i am very unhappy and would not recommend " as is " to anyone . i have the 2005 edition and was very pleased with it . this is a large embarrassment to the hallmark company 
health neg 31.txt only works properly if you are not moving and in a zero-gravity environment 
dvd neg 232.txt despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck , but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon , keitel , kline , steiger , and rickman....will try and forget this dog their entire lives . i cannot imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak....i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , i would 
books neg 494.txt i could n't finish this book after readng " fairytale . " misfit insecure caucasian male falls for asian stripper / prostitute after she listens to him talk about the odor of his sweat in the outdoor markets . i thought possibly this story reveals a lot about olen butler . he wrote about this relationship with such relish , he sounds to me like a p.c. caucasian who is drawn in patronizing fashion to the " otherness " of asian people and does n't see them for what they are , just wants them to appreciate big strong white man . i thought it interesting that in the story the woman never mentions to the man that she already has a young son living with her mother . so she was not honest with him . but olen butler wrote about her as if this stripper / pros . was wonderful , the kind of wife any man would want . i shook my head and thought , " you have issues . " probably if she were caucasian he would not want to get near her for fear of catching something . after this the other stories just did not appeal to me 
software neg 853.txt it is difficult to use words harsh enough to describe this product and this company . i have owned this software for about 80 days . 1. in 80 days of use this product has completely locked up or not opened twice . 2. i have called the ' support ' line 4 times . the minimum time i was on hold was 40 minutes . 3. my initial ' support ' period is about to expire and i now will have to pay $200 to get more ' support ' 4. you have to buy additional software to get your data onto a palm device . in summary : the product has locked up about every 40 days and the average hold time is 40 minutes when you call them . save yourself the grief - buy nothing or buy something else 
books neg 346.txt i was so disappointed in this book . i do n't find a closeness to god in the pages . instead it seems intellectual . it contains beautiful sounding prayers that are more like poetry than speaking with god face to face . even though it contains prayers from across the ages it seems to keep me distant from the personal god i seek . and though the author 's prayers are included too , i feel the same about them . i expected more from richard j . foster 
books neg 760.txt have to agree with earlier post , book looks nice and clear but numerous errors make actually using ( vs. just browsing ) the material very difficult . 7th edition adi section has numerous mislabed equations , incorrect data values , unfortunate . suggest look elsewhere for a numerical analysis book 
books neg 373.txt city of the dead ca n't really be called a zombie story . it 's really a cheesy action novel that just happens to have beings called zombies in it . the zombie are n't really undead like in the romero movies , but are corpses possessed by demons . i really did n't find any part of the novel scary and it does n't seem like the author was trying to make it scary . he seemed to take the route so many hollywood scary flicks take and just tried to gross out his readers through descriptions of the decayed bodies of the demons . the action is clunky and not very exciting . his hero 's are constantly stopping to argue about things like how jim 's ex-wife raised their son while being hotly pursued by hundreds of demons . there are too many parts that require suspension of disbelief : a military humvee could never catch an explorer suv , the hero 's escape a fire by climbing across a ladder to the neighbor 's house with the demons somehow not noticing , they 're being chased by dozen 's of demon vehicles on the road but second 's later after crashing they have somehow lost them . and i have to ask why keene included the descriptions of necrophilia in the novel . in the end city of the dead reads more like a cheesy schwarzenegger / stallone / norris movie than a horror novel 
books neg 205.txt if you are looking for a " feel good " book about baby boomer retirement , this book may have some value for you . but if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to , this book is n't the answer . each segment-work , dreams , travel-is short and does n't address many relevant issues . for example , regarding the work chapter , the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap . well , that is speculative with globalism . those jobs may be outsourced . most are low paying . many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining . yes , there may be wal-mart jobs but is this your retirement dream ? the work chapter sounds a lot like most " do what you love " books . but doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income . these and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed . i could pick apart other chapters in the same manner 
software pos 451.txt i really enjoy using this program , much better than what was out there 5 - 10 years ago when i last worked on genealogy . i love the ancestry.com feature , it is wonderful to go find your grandparents , great-grandparents and even great-great grandparents in the us census . i have found out a few things that i did n't know , unfortunately my mother recently passed away , and i have no one to verify some of it with . i would suggest that anyone contemplating this program gets it now , and starts working while you still have elders who can help you sort through the information you find . i also found a family tree out there from someone who only lives a few blocks from where we used to live . she has traced her family back to the 1500 's in germany...and it appears that they are related to us . it was strange to go to her website and find a picture of my great grandparents headstone . it was just another branch of the family . buy it 
dvd neg 599.txt this is a godawful movie , a waste of several million bucks by universal and whoever else was responsible . they could have paid my salary for my entire career for what it cost them to make this moronic notion to capitalize on what some executive must have decided was the " sexy " health club craze of the 80s . actors doing calisthenics in tights do not a feature film make . lucas or spielberg or a mailroom clerk could have told them so . 
camera pos 375.txt better than a photo album for showing off a series of pictures . buttons are fairly intuitive , instructions are understandable , and there 's nothing like being the " first kid on the block " with a new toy . getting all sorts of comments about my picture show 
dvd neg 771.txt i was fortunate not to spend any money specifically on this movie . i could n't get past the first 15 minutes.. . incoherent beginning , and overly stylized particularly where ashe becomes " the avenger " ( for lack of a better name ) . nothing like the original at all , which i love by comparison 
books neg 715.txt i can tell you first hand how amazon makes easy money . i am a formal seller here at amazon . not a big seller , but an honest one with a 5 star rating and zero claims.however amazon allows dishonest buyer 's to do chargebacks months after a purchase and then has nothing in place to assist seller 's in getting their merchandise back . sounds like retail fraud to me ! ! i wish there was a lower rating to give to this website.they are truly at the bottom ! 
books pos 711.txt i was very pleased with my order . the book was in excellent condition and i received the book in a timely manner . i would definately buy from this seller again 
dvd neg 637.txt the movie had potential : good cast and interesting plot . its the kind of movie you want to like , but just can't . i did not find it all that funny or romanic . it seemed that the mother and a bride 's maid were suppose to be funny characters but i found neither very amusing . i have no idea why the two main characters fell in love with each other ; this is by far the biggest weakness of the movie . their relationship is not developed well at all . as another reviewer noticed , there is a bit of pretty woman here , as dermot plays a male escort . for whatever reason , julia roberts as a hooker is cute , whereas dermot is not . i found is pretty disgusting that messing falls for a male prostitute . there is a lot of crude sexual humor that i did n't care for . my favorite aspect of the movie was that most of it takes place in the english countryside , which is really beautiful . its not a terrible movie , but i would be upset if i paid $10 to see it in the theater 
software pos 669.txt i like the features the same as i did with cool edit 2000. i have n't had the opportunty to explore all the new features , but it looks promising.. . 
camera neg 450.txt dont bother upgrading your power shot camera...just buy a better one . the zoom lens ads a whole 5 ft to the view before the pixels become a big issue 
health pos 955.txt works great , no problems after 4 months 
books neg 76.txt just wanted to quickly say i have n't finished it yet , i am only on page 20 but already this book seems very overrated . the author dives straight in talking about going beyond the five senses to achieve spiritual consciousness , but this is nothing new and we are not even given any background on how the author developed his views . instead , he strides arrogantly forward as though he is the ultimate , conclusive authority on spirituality , and it 's very aloof and , actually , not an enlightened approach at all ! i 've just started the chapter on karma and it 's really starting to smell like just another mish mash of other people 's opinions clothed as quasi-originality . it looks like i 'm going to continue reading with a very cautious , vetting attitude toward the text . the fact that this was a bestseller only serves to show how genuinely interested people are to develop their spiritual consciousness - and how easily authors such as zukav can cash in on their hopes and fears . hey , that 's the material world for you ! 
health neg 92.txt the first shave seemed good ; but the second time did me in with the fusion . instead of just one nick , i managed around 3 or 4 nicks at once . but looking at the cost of the replacement cartridges put me into a state of price shock . i got a merkur heavy duty double edge safety razor & the blades are a huge savings . merkur blades or feather double edge blades average 50 cents apiece . the feather blades are extremely sharp ! the gillette sensor is more practical for me when in a big hurry . a good old fashioned shave using the double edge safety razor , a badger hair shaving brush , & some proraso shave cream in the tube is alot more enjoyable & relaxing for me ! 
books neg 799.txt with someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome . why dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of shakespeare 's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me . it 's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally . if you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like wiley 's , chemistry - concepts and problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple , straightforward manner . for anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school 's curriculum is just absurd 
software neg 803.txt norton is now owned by the huge behemouth digital river , who have n't a clue how to run support or customer service . they are useless and anything with their grimy mits on it and we take a wide berth of it , would n't consider it . norton used to be top notch , now it is like pouring mollasses into your computer . it interferes with everything . microsoft seems to have given up on them too , as norton has not bothered to interface properly with windows , a consequence being that it is also buggy and problematic . i can only warn you ~ avoid ! ! ! a bad bit of software and a company that has n't any clue about what customer service is and does n't look likely to change . profit seems to be likely more important to them than service or keeping the norton family of software up to date and working well.. . 
books neg 441.txt i thought that she was going to explain to you how to invest in rental properties without going into deep debt for yourself . however , the truth is you need money to invest in real estate . so , there 's really no way around it , which made her book redundant . she just gave examples of 3 people with 3 different investment strategies . in the end , the one with the most number of rental properties ended up with the largest profit growth . i really did not find the book useful for someone looking to invest in rental properties . 
camera pos 412.txt very easy to use . menuing is extremely intuitive . do n't forget to order spare disks , 30 mins goes by quick 
books pos 176.txt a remarkable introduction to ezra pound . makin explains some of the underlying structures that order the cantos- -periplous , ideogram , fugue , the ' repeat in history' --and gives concise readings of individual sections that helped my understanding enormously . he does an especially good job of connecting pound 's theory of money to his views on sex and creativity . makin manages to be critical of pound while treating his ideas with verve and sympathy ; the writing is colloquial , witty and jargon-free . i enjoyed the cantos much more after reading this short , effective study 
health neg 983.txt this item is very heavy and bulky . descriptions give you the idea that your feet will endure the " kneading " action as well as your calves ; however that is not the case . your feet only rest on these two painful round balls that only vibrate should you wish them too . the " kneading " pressure can not be regulated , only the speed . the " kneading " pressure is very intense and can be very uncomfortable at times . if my massage therapist ever worked like this i would fire immediately . i tired to like it , however quickly returned after a few days 
books pos 100.txt greg and tim know what they are talking about and glad to add this book to my collection ! walt disney records deserved a treatment like this and it would make a great gift for the holidays ! a+++++++++++++++++ 
dvd pos 498.txt my girlfriend made me buy this video after a night of dancing at the local club . all i can say is that the way marlon builds steps made it easy for someone who has no coordination like me . looking forward to getting part ii next 
dvd neg 893.txt when i first got this disc the other day , it would not play at all . i installed the latest firmware update to my xbox360 hd drive , and it played . however , it does not play well at all . the video is constantly " dragging " or skipping . the audio is fine though . i ca n't really provide a review of the content since , so far , it is unwatchable . this is the only disc that has given me issues 
music neg 78.txt know here is man with absoultely no lyrical skills baby dont get with a wanksta good girl wants a gangsta what about girls just want normal people no way can anybody like slim thug everybody likes a pimp onli weird and freakish people do slim thug isnt a thug if he was he would be in jail studo gangsta gangst 
books neg 622.txt too much wrong information in the text . photo captions = hit or miss . altogether : unreliable . take your needs elsewhere 
health neg 815.txt i bought this shaver last september , and at that point i agreed with the other reviewers . it delivered a nick-free shave and was quick and painless to use . this past may , it stopped being able to re-charge and just died completely . i only used the recommended cleaning solution , changed it according to the instructions , and cleaned it after every use . i sent the shaver back to remington , they were very nice and sent a new replacement shaver after a few weeks . it worked wonderfully , for about 2 months when the same problem occurred again ! i 'm sending it back again and hoping for a refund this time , it is n't worth my time and money to go to the post office every few months to return yet another defective shaver ! 
books neg 677.txt this was the only bertrice small book i could find in the gift shop of an airport . that should have been warning enough not to buy it . rosamund was an unlikeable character . she left her 3 young daughters so she could " make love " constantly and then was oh-so-superior with her maid when annie did the same ! i guess being a rich , snotty noblewoman means you 're not held to the same standards of behavior as the mere household help . i found the love at first sight meeting to be flimsy and contrived . small 's readers are smarter than most , so i 'm surprised she expected us to swallow it . like some other reviewers here , i thought it was more lust than love . it was clearly a mid-life crisis hook up for patrick . and if rosamund truly loved patrick , she never would have left him when he was ill , memory loss or not ! not planning to read either " rosamund " or " phillipa " , the other books in this series . it was hard enough getting through this book , let alone another one with her uppity daughter . the good stuff ? getting to meet patrick leslie again . but it was heartbreaking to witness his grief over losing his daughter janet decades ago . if you 've read " the kadin " , you know that janet eventually returns to her home , but only after patrick has died 
camera pos 772.txt i bought this camera for my girlfriend and she loves it . it has all the basic functions her older coolpix had abut more and they 're a bit more user friendly . pros : compact and easy to hold . i 've had a few other point and shoots and they feel like they are going to jump out of my hand . this one feels pretty good . cons : before buying i read the reviews and a few were stating that the focus was not everything it should be . i will agree . that is the cameras only real big down fall . though my girlfriend may not notice it so much , to me it 's a little more aparant . for the most part , overall i really like this little guy. . 
music neg 983.txt i 'm not exactly sure how to classify this , nor do i think it really deserves the time . how this album has garnered so many positive reviews is beyond me . my only guess is that some tired , pretentious teen on myspace raved over it and voila , the clique was born . now , i really wanted to like this and gave it numerous listens . but each time , it sounds more and more like these guys were just doing some busy work around the house , started humming some melodies and then recorded them . immature and pretty much unoriginal . and just because an album is labeled " concept " does n't automatically qualify it as a masterpiece . if you want a flawless concept album that actually has an interesting story just go and buy " the wall " . unless your circle of friends has threatened to emascualte you for not owning this , do n't bother with this bloat . 
camera neg 966.txt as an owner of the sony dcr-hc30 model dv handicam , i want to warn everyone about my horrible experience with this product line . design and feature-wise , these handicams are great . the problem is , they are built like junk . from the day i opened my box , i got a message that told me that the heads were dirty and needed to be cleaned . in retrospect , i should have returned it for a replacement then and there . but being a basically optimistic guy , i decided it just got dirty in transit , and i got a head cleaner and cleaned the heads . it worked fine for about 30 days - just about the amount of time in sony 's crappy labor warranty . and from that point forward , i have gotten dirty head messages constantly , which at first could be ` cleaned away , ' but now , even when the message is gone , problems persist . i often get bars across the screen during playback , and i have already determined that i have lost many a precious memory of my infant children . sony 's solution to this situation is their standard " flat rate " repair program , truly a bargain for $250 or so - more than half what i paid for the camera in the first place . and sony wonders why their brand value has all but disappeared ? they are just another electronics brand now , and one with sub-par quality and service at that . guess i 'll be buying samsungs or canons next time around . are you listening , sony ? 
software neg 75.txt loaded it on my laptop . it says that a compatible device was not found . went to website , downloaded patch . it said i had the latest patch already . everywhere you go on the roxio website , it tells you you can upgrade to version 8 for $20 off . it still is more than $50 and if version 6 does n't work , why would i throw more money at the problem ? i could find no usefull information on the website and no way to speak to someone . i took it back to best buy . they said they could only exchange it for the same piece of junk . i went next door to staples and they said if i bought software that does not work from them , they would refund my money if i bought it back within 14 days . so , i found a new source for software . pros : it did not crash my laptop it did not cause the modem to dial international calls cons : does n't work no tech support does n't work no tech suppor 
books neg 948.txt i purchased this book at walmart , which rarely carries books regarding shambala or any other eastern ideology . it was cheap and on the clearance rack . i should have know better . when i realized this was part three in a series i decided to read the first two books , the celestine prophecy and the tenth insight in order to be able to better appreciate the third one . after borrowing and reading the first two , i realized what a sham this series truly is . first , i realize they are supposed to be fictional . however , when a work of fiction attempts to use historical background for its premise , the author should first do his homework and make sure the historical facts are completely accurate . additionally , when usurping a mythical name such as shambala , one should know what the actual mythology entails , instead of making up one 's own notion of what is involed . shambala is not the same as shangri-la . shangri-la was a fictional community in a book written in early 20th century western culture . shambala is an ancient eastern mythical kingdom that is in no way similar to the fictional place in redfield 's imagination . also , beware of writers who combine religions and mythologies . as joseph campbell said many times in his lectures and books , they all contain the truth as seen by different cultures , but they must never be mixed together . it just does n't work 
camera neg 230.txt this one is a product of bad quality , the cap of the batteries to a few days i damage enough of light is needed in order that the sign meets slightly clear , product of bad quality i do not recommend it to him ( you , them ) and for quality the price must be low 
books neg 255.txt an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery . the chamber of secrets , he said , had been opened and a monster is lurking . harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster , challenge it and save students who have been " petrified " by the monster . age group interest : early teen . i wanted to see what all the rave was about . lots of action , not much morale . trish new , author of the thrill of hope , south state street journal 
music pos 700.txt it all started when i was a little kid and my dad gave me this album ( he was n't a fan , he probably picked it up with a crate of used records . ) it was one of my first exposures to rock and roll . nearly 30 years later i still own the original vinyl ( the one that had the exploding fire extinguisher rooster album cover . ) i am glad to have it now on cd , the vinyl being about as scratched and pitted as can possibly be and still be remotely playable . i dissent the reviewers who praise ducann over crane , for really , it is after all vincent crane 's project ( crane , also organist for crazy world of arthur brown . ) a keyboard player myself i consider crane one of my biggest influences and i hold great admiration for his playing . ducann and hammond also deserve praise for their performances , but it should be painfully obvious who the star of an organ driven rock band is : um , the audience ... er , no the organist ! take a trip back in time and enjoy this classic work 
dvd pos 903.txt i 'm not sure if anyone has pointed this out but the voice 's for paul and company is not their own , these were in fact voice actors and they did a very good job too . this was also confirmed by paul proir to the movies release 
dvd pos 996.txt the show is absolutely great ! blue falcon is another space ghost and dynomut is the futuristic version of scooby doo . dim witted and loveable . getting the complete show is great and the shows from these hb vaults are all looking pretty good with bright and vivid colors ( amid some nasty scratches and dust , but it was cheap animation folks ) . as a scooby fan this is a must own ! i quite enjoy the blue falcon / dynomut show also . 5 stars for the show . the set however nice still drops the ball , you get two single sided dvds and two flippers . the problem with this is that the dvds are all on top of each other with maybe a 1 / 16th of an inch between them both . i know this was to cut down on costs but it makes the two flipper discs quite hard to get out without scratching them or marking them up with a good fingerprint smear . but then again if it was a perfect world we could n't complain . all in all a solid set ! 4 1 / 2 out of 5 
books pos 663.txt this is a great book for a piano student . it allows them to enjoy true music while learning how to play fairly easy pieces . these are n't little dittys made up to teach notes . it is classical music . beautiful dreamer by stephen foster , traumerei by robert schumann and the happy farmer by robert schumann are my favorite pieces . they are a joy to learn and play ! this music makes you want to practice . i also recommend my first book of christmas carols as well 
music pos 206.txt pete rock and c.l. smooth came out of no where with this classic in " 92 " . i was expecting the t-roy tribute to be the only highlight , but this joint was bangin ! the very underrated cl had the dope metaphors and complex lyrics . chocolate boy wonder had the legendary " horns " going on . the whole album is a banger . fav 's are pete 's sake , the basement ( pete 's cuz heavy d rips it ) , mecca and the soul brother , troy - they reminisce , straighten it out ( a kick in the balls for bootleggers ) , ghetto 's of the mind and skinz ( cl 's cuz grand puba steals the show on this one ) . eternally classic , rock on . 
music pos 67.txt i used to listen to a friend 's copy of the original " metal box " of ep 's , when it first came out . years later the " second edition " came out on lp 's for those of us who had n't sprung for the metal box before it sold out . eventually the second edition came out on this cd . so i finally could own a digital copy myself . pristine , audio quality at least as good as the original metal box in my opinion , if i remember correctly . you do need to listen to this . you do need to buy a copy and get other people to listen to this too 
music neg 228.txt just listening to the samples of this new remix of " gold:35th anniversary edition ~ the carpenters " i found it to be in my opinion sadly remixed very badly . certainly not a tribute to the excellent talent of karen carpenter and richard as well . i wonder what richard was thinking when he remixed these songs ? as another review noticed and i agree with , is the bass on some is so loud it almost drowns out the pure excellence of karen 's deep resounding truly perfect voice . this is not a cd you want to get if you really want to appreciate the true pure sound of the carpenters . the older cds ( if still in production or if you can find them used ) " carpenters classics 25th anniversary " a 2 cd disc 98:04 minute collection remastered digitally , is a much better pick . especially for those who remember the carpenters when karen was still alive and the original arrangements were nothing to mess with . the other cd 's worth finding of the carpendters especially if you like the talent of karen 's deep resounding perfect voice , would be the cd " voice of the heart " this is a hautingly beautiful collection of love songs by karen who lets each song touch your heart and soul making you feel as if you were right there as she sings each song . the other one i would highly recommend , if christmas is your holiday , would be " carpenters christmas portrait " ... " special edition digital version....celebrating 70 continuious minutes of the seasons best.. . " with karen and richard . there are 34 carpenters songs as timeless as their sound , and 11 performances heard on this holiday cd for the first time . these cds are all the songs you fell in love with the first time you heard karen sing . these are the arrangements so beautifully done with her and richard . this new remix maybe ok if you have not been familiar with how wonderful the original songs the carpenter 's recorded and later remastered-not remixed - sounded . for this reason i give this 35th anniversary remix a 2 star rating . these older cds are how the carpenders really won over their fans , took the music industry by storm and gave a generation of music lovers reason to love the carpenders music and the sound they gave each song . talent that can still win over anyone who truly appreciates the timeless talents only the carpenters could deliver . as i more or less said in my title for this review and taken from an old saying " if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! " or in this case do n't remix it ! 
software neg 815.txt i installed this software after getting it free after rebates , and i must say i am not the least bit impressed . it claims to speed up your system , but instead only slows it down . seems like it would be because it was bugging down my computer , but it 's relatively new and has a gig of memory . as another reviewer mentioned , my internet stopped working correctly ( although the other computers on my network without this program worked just fine with internet ! ) and my system restore just would n't work . it deleted a lot of entries i needed to run my system correctly . the anti-spyware was an absolute joke & the updates were large files almost every day . 8 mb a day practically . on a lighter note , fix-it utilities found a virus other programs were unable to find . i use zone alarm security suite and then use ccleaner to take care of the rest . i think they 're the best combination . no program beats zone alarm's . fast , secure , and wo n't bug down your computer . i had to reinstall my operating system thanks to fix-it utilities 
books pos 51.txt neverwhere is one of gaiman 's best yet ! i highly recommend this novel 
music pos 334.txt this album is a great representation of what spoon is about . great music along with fantasticly written lyrics provide a feeling of sheer uphoria to one 's ears . spoons sound is somewhat like cake but different in ways as well . they are a very good band that should be getting more cred than what they are getting . some of my faves on this cd include mathematical mind , the two sides of monsieur valentine , sister jack and i turn my camera on . i would strongly recommend this cd to anyone that like alternative rock . definately money well spent 
software pos 521.txt the software was installed flawlessly . programs have worked successfully and been exactly what i need and wanted 
software pos 973.txt i give the db pro 5 stars , but i am totally disappointed in amazon.com and the gamecreaters , heres why the first thing i noticed is my box is different than that shown here.. . http : / / darkbasicpro.thegamecreators.com i didnt recieve any of the free software stated in the link above i cant find the over 45 demo 's over 25 tutorials over 600 textures over 120 sound effects 900 3d models that is stated here.. . http : / / darkbasic.thegamecreators.com / i applied the .59 upgrade patch and now my program wont start . it says its missing msvcr71.dll file . the original version was 1.05 i cant believe the darkbasic.com is advertising this product , yet amazon.com is shipping some ancient version . hopefully i will be able to resolve this issue. . 
books neg 844.txt i really wanted to like this book and the beginning started out great . a shocking murder is committed in the town of newpointe , then another . meanwhile , fireman mark branning has moved out and is separated from his wife allie . there is a serial killer targeting the wives of firemen and allie and mark must fight through their struggles for the sake of their marriage . i wanted to like this book because it is a christian novel with a good purpose . ninety percent of the books i 've read have been secular but i 'm starting to read more christian novels . but to me , this book fails for three reasons : the marriage conflict between mark and allie is n't believable , the serial killer plot collapses under its own weight , and the spiritual message is confusing and disappointing . mark and allie 's marriage is suffering because she thinks he had an affair and he has n't convinced her otherwise . seeing your husband hugging another woman is not proof of adultery , but it is grounds for suspicion . yet , allie assumes mark is cheating on her because she witnessed him hugging another woman . it seems to me the truth would be discovered in the resulting fight . instead , mark and allie separate and allie sees no hope for her marriage because of that hug and what she assumes was an affair . blackstock does a poor job of framing the conflict between mark and allie . throughout the book , references are made to allie believing mark had an affair with issie . allie refers to mark 's act as " adultery " and recalls him " lying " his way out of it after allie caught him hugging issie . their marriage is struggling , but blackstock should have given more reasons why allie assumed adultery other than a hug because throughout the book , mark says he did n't have an affair and allie chalks it up to one of his lies . later in the novel , blackstock gives more reason for their conflict but by then its too late . the serial killer story is poorly done , and it also seems everybody knows everybody in this book . when they book a suspect at the end , it seems ridiculous . the police work feels like it was written by an amateur . one line in the novel , " as much as the evidence pointed to xxx , stan did n't want to believe it . " in my opinion , the evidence did n't point to that person and stan , the detective , seems foolish for believing it . there is n't any rhythm or flow to the police work or the serial killer in the story . there is no sense of setting in the book . there are too many characters that no each other yet little context in how they know each other . finally , this book talks about god and prayer and being " saved " throughout the book , and that 's great . with a serial killer on the loose , a lot of bad things are happening and the characters react to this in a bad way . at one point , a conversation goes like this : " how can the murder be part of god 's plan ? " " maybe it is n't " " that would mean god is n't in control . " " he is in control , but he allows some things to happen . " then at another point , mark says to allie , " i 'm going to be fine , it 's time to trust the lord . he 's taken care of us so far . " then allie says : " but i do n't know what his plan is . i do n't know how he wants this to end . i do n't know what he wants to teach us . " at other points in the book , characters say that god has a plan and maybe the serial killer is part of god 's plan and that through god 's plan , all things can be used for good . this line of logic is infuriating . bad things happen to everyone , including god 's people . god does n't " allow " a serial killer to shoot and burn your wife . that 's a horrible message to send to a non-christian who may have lost someone in a car wreck . telling them it was part of god 's plan is the quickest way to turn someone from god . god is obviously there for people when something bad happens to help them through it and to find the good in it and god can even keep bad things from happening to christians . but like above , where allie was afraid because she thought god might have chosen to have her killed to teach a lesson , god does n't willfully kill people . it comes down to the simple fact that all people , including serial killers and christians , have choices to make and have free will . i 'm surprised i wrote so much on an 8 year old book but i wanted it to be a good book . 
health neg 386.txt i purchased these as a christmas gift for my daughter . they take way too long to heat up and the clips leave a crimp mark in her hair . for the money i do n't think they were worth it 
software neg 65.txt first of all , microsoft needs to come down on their prices ( not that this will ever happen ) . i build computers for a living , and i 'd say that 9 times out of 10 windows is the single most expensive piece of any pc i build . that being said , xp has come a long way . service pack 2 has done wonders for security . i also found it is the most stable version of windows i 've used to date . that 's not to say it does n't have it 's flaws . it still lets in it 's share of " germs " , stops responding from time to time ( hangs ) , and it 's very slow to shut down . the built-in cd writing software is terrible and remote desktop is not always a pleasure to use either . however , the biggest problem i 've had so far is with product activation . as a pc technician , i 'm always testing new parts . the most annoying problem i 've had is that after you make a certain number of hardware changes ( let 's say you replace a video card , a hard drive and add some memory ) all within a certain period of time ( 180 days maybe ? ) windows makes you reactivate . this becomes a problem when you have to reactivate twice within this period of time . it makes you call microsoft , where you have to convince the representitive that you 're not trying to steal from them . then you have to read them a long number ( i think 41 digits ) and then they 'll read another long number back to you that you need to type in . it 's driven me to the point of using windows 2000 again to test my parts , even though this is n't always practical for testing xp compatibility . overall , i feel that i paid too much for this operating system . 
books neg 960.txt some of the stuff in here was really screwy . it 's not a handbook to the & quot ; food and mood&quot ; book by elizabeth somer , which is what i thought it was when i bought it . it 's a separate program entirely . this one is too woozy and non-western for me . very little hard data to back up what they say , just kind of fruity and flowery 
books pos 640.txt ralph fletcher and joann portalupi have teamed up to create a book that is easy to understand and apply in the classroom setting . the lessons can be adapted for all elementary grades and everything is spelled out for you as the teacher - including the titles of books to use . those familiar with the 6 traits will find concrete examples to help develop each skill 
books pos 152.txt hacker 's challenge 2 is a sort of practical exam for the hacking exposed series . hacker 's challenge was a terrific book for putting some incident response and forensic skills to use and practicing for the real thing . hacker 's challenge 2 continues the tradition and should be a must read for anyone who works with network security and incident response . the style of the challenges is fairly entertaining and the plots are so engaging you may not want to put the book down . its like a best-selling mystery novel for network security techies . it may not affect the quality of the book overall , but i preferred having the authors of the individual challenges identified as they were in hacker 's challenge . however , you should definitely buy this book ! ( ... 
camera neg 253.txt great features , right ? i just returned it after very disappointing results . here are just a few issues : 1. if you use a tripod ( and you will need to ) , you ca n't plug in the ac adapter to save on the short battery life , because mounting it on to a tripod covers the access to the ac connection . 2. battery life is very short . 3. if you want to protect the lens , you will need to buy the lens adapter and then buy a protective lens . 4. you ca n't take still photos with the flash if you are using the lens adapter because the adapter casts a shadow from the flash onto your pictures . 5. the automatic settings are horrible . the auto focus , auto white balance , auto anything will give you the worst results if shooting indoors . 6. you cannot adjust the manual focus or anything else once you begin recording . 7. quality is very poor when recording indoors without an enormous amount light . save your money . buy a camera with better features . i am waiting for the panasonic hdc-sd1 due in march 
music neg 655.txt all of the songs are boring . i hate them . they are slow and boring and they make you want to fall asleep 
books pos 315.txt as a student studying mathematics , i find it very useul ! packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , it 's a great quick reference guide . i found things in this guide that i could n't find in any other book or guide . another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . some things this guide helped me with is parabolas , ellipses , hyperbolas , gamma funtion , zeta function , feigenbaum number , the greek alphabet , and much more . i thank david nelson and penguin books for such excellent work 
software pos 574.txt this is one of the best graphics suites that i have ever used . it is very user friendly and all the my students that i have used it have really liked it . the toolbars are easy to find and the entire program is filled with outstanding graphics tools . this is a must have for anyone who is serious about graphics 
software neg 369.txt i 'm responsible for 10 computers at our organization . last year we purchased norton antivirus 2006. it was such a resource hog that it stopped our older computers ( 550 mhz ) from working and i had to uninstall from all computers . after reading reviews that said 2007 was leaner , i tried to install this on 6 computers . only 1 install went without problems . installing on three other computers took 3 days , and i 'm still not through with computer 5. sometimes the program wo n't install . once it crashes during install , it leaves behind broken code that prevents reinstall unless you use the norton uninstall tool , which removes all norton products . so in addition to uninstalling and reinstalling antivirus , you also have to reinstall norton ghost or any other norton products . on the computer i 'm still fighting with the install went smoothly , but during the update the program hung up and now i ca n't open norton antivirus . even worse , when i open a word document , the norton antivirus starts scanning the document and freezes the computer . what a nightmare 
dvd neg 783.txt the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition 
software pos 884.txt i found this upgrade has fixed some things and attempted to fix things that did not require fixing . hot keys that go to dockers does not speed up the work process . it appears to be slower in handling bmps . larger files cause it to hesitate selecting objects . a real memory hog . the new contour tool makes the upgrade worthy . so far it is not crashing like 12 did 
dvd neg 358.txt this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking " auntie zoe , what does that mean ? " when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo ! 
books neg 593.txt i bought this classic novel on cd thinking it would hold the interest of my 2 grade school boys , who enjoy books on cd while driving to and from school . they did not like the narrator 's snobby french accent nor could they understand many of the words . this is a great cd for high school or adults but not children . a bust for us . 
books neg 215.txt seems amidst the turbulence and brouhaha of that james frey fiasco , anybody who now pens their auto-bios have to first be as famous and beloved as billy crystal . but then they can only put out the cotton-candy coney island fluff as ' 700 sundays ' is . granted , the book is based on crystal 's highly-praised tony award winning theatrical performance about time with his father and relatives when growing up during the 50s et al . but it 's nothing more than an appetizer to fill in and / or tide one over during the day and night kaddish . yet in ripping a page out of billy 's book , it 's not hard to imagine how that rapid-fire exchange between him and his agent went . it probably went something like : " hey , bubby , how about writing a book talking about your 700 sundays with your pop ? " " well , i 'm not a writer per se . i just jot down a few notes here and there , and then go out and perform the material on stage . " " so here 's a few blank pages of paper ; write down what you have . " " it 'll only be 45 maybe 50 pages at most ; and it sounds and looks much better than it reads . " " do n't worry , bubby , i know people who know people who...you get the idea...at the publishers . here 's their recipe : they 'll take your 50 wholesale pages and spread ` em out across 180 retail pages . ' how ? ' may you ask ! well , they 'll cut ` em in half , then cut ` em in half again . and using big ink letters so even grandmas can read it without their glasses ; surround it by a whole lot of white space ; toss in some pictures at different angles from your family album - - slap it all together between two hardcovers...it 'll be just fine . " " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry . consider it like a vintage bottle of mogen david 20 / 20 wine , aged a few months before it makes it to the shelves of your favorite corner liquor store hangout . in this case , the local bookstores . oh , and make sure you give ` em just enough to whet their taste buds ; leave ` em wanting more and thirsty for more . people 'll drink it up . " " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry , face . everybody loves ya . just toss in a few tidbits from your routines about satchmo and mantle , you 'll be all right . do n't forget now , we 've got the sequels all lined up for ya too . y'know ` 700 mondays ; ' then ` 700 tuesdays ' and so on . yes'sir , i can see it all now : we 've got the lock on all those 700 days of the week shtick . oh , and we 'll do some holiday editions too , starting with ` 700 hanukkahs ! ' " you 're still friends with that kid , adam sandler , back from your snl days , are n't ya ? ! yes , so we 'll get you and him together to come up with new lyrics to that hanukkah song of his . it 'll be a great collaboration . it 's good to pass down the ladder to them other kids climbing up once you 've made it . y'know god blesses and does n't forget those things by them who do . yes , ok , so we 'll go ahead from there and do ` 700 passovers ! ' " and it 'll be an annual event too , dont'cha know . just think , when people see chuck heston...may god keep a special place in heaven for him...when people see chuck heston and the ten commandments , they 'll be thinking about you too , billy . yes'sir , we 'll have em crying and laughing every year on passover , you 'll see . " oh , and holy of holies , out of the deal we 'll get ` 700 yom kippurs ! ' you 'll see . but this will be only for our people , billy , you understand . so you might have to dig deep to get material for it . but that 's what authors do , they dig deep . but you already knew that , right ? can you dig it , man ? i knew that you could . " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry , face , everybody loves ya ! your books do n't have to be earth-shattering or thought-provoking or anything like that . but hey listen , with a book deal , a books-on-tape deal , and who knows even a movie deal , we 'll turn your little leaden bits into golden nuggets . mark my words we will . " and say , since you have n't had a hit movie in awhile...no offense...we 're going to get martin scorsese to produce and direct your life story . yes , it 'll be something like ' pinch me i 'm still jewish : the billy crystal story ' in widescreen and all that jazz . it 's what everybody in hollywood 's doing right now . yeah , no use waiting until your dying or dead already , billy - god forbid . no , siree , bubby ! ! " so scorsese will do the movie on the cheap , because god knows the man deserves an oscar already . you know it , i know it , we all know it , billy . and not just an honorary or lifetime achievement either , but the really big one , see ! and just imagine , would n't it be something if you were hosting the awards ceremony and handed marty his own oscar ? ! yes , well , we can schmooze on about all this stuff later . " but for now , with the books and everything , you 'll be a one-man franchise , yes you will ! you 'll be on the new york times best seller list from now until forever ! it 'll be great ! ! " " yes , but.. . " " oh and well , i did n't want to say anything just yet , but , okay , here goes : there might be plans to expand everything too ! listen , bubby , i know somebody who knows somebody who...you get the idea...over at the networks . " we can do a little chris rock in the neighborhood sort of thing . we 'll put a kid who looks and acts like you - about as tall as you - into the neighborhood that you and your family lived in , see . " and it 's going to be a period piece too ! we 'll introduce all the new kids to the stars of yesteryear - - y'know , cantor , jolson , jessel , durante ! throw in some goniffs and shiksas that the cast can work off of every week - - it 'll be fun ! " chris rock is great . but you can be greater too . listen , face , we 'll make it a celebration . something like ' growing up mazel tov ! ' maybe we get 700 shows out of it . maybe less , maybe more , but people will still love it anyway . you 'll see ! " " yes , but , well , i 'm not really a writer / author . i 'm an entertainer , so why would i want to do any of this ? " " we could make a couple of dollars ! " " okay . i 'm in ! " and so it went and so it goes . final analysis : a so not looking mahvelous , better luck next time , with all due respect , sadly not recommended book . 
books neg 216.txt hugh farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play bridge . his college-age daughter karen , her friend barbara , his lawyer son duke , his alcoholic wife grace , and house servant joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit . everyone scrambles to safety inside hugh 's modern bomb shelter . as the bombs fall and his wife is passed out , hugh starts up an affair with his daughter 's friend barbara , right in the shelter . as if hugh 's shallowness and arrogance was n't enough to turn you against the protagonist , this nauseating little scene will . when the shakes and quakes finally end , the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible , pristine , clean world . at first glance , it looks like utopia , but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race , imprisoned , and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves . somehow , hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in , so that he can be free with barbara . of all the apocalypse fiction , this book is the worst . the protagonist is so lowbrow , so arrogant , so unlikable , so self-centered , so shallow , so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest . he 's not even a " love to hate " person . the dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant , and barbara and hugh 's constant prattlings of " darling , dear , and beloved " do not fit the characters . neither does hugh 's occasional spouting of words like " shall " and " sha n't " along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the " n " word . there is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of hugh 's daughter and barbara 's friend karen , cannibalism , castration ( hugh cared more about his " boys " than he did his real children ) , pedophilia , racism , and $exual slavery , they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut . the entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it , as if the author himself did n't quite believe his story . and if he does n't believe , how can he expect the reader to ? overall , there is no depth or flavor in this story at all , other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight , as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door . i recommend avoiding this book . 
health neg 204.txt this brush is worth about 10 bucks . anything more and you are throwing money down the drain . 
software neg 786.txt i hate this product . since i 'm used to office 2003 ( at work ) , opening this program and having to look at the childish-looking menu bar was a shock . the layout is irritating , poorly designed , and does not provide sufficient features . to make things worse , this sorry program does not allow you to save files directly to cd . the one-star rating was too generous . 
health neg 696.txt broke after two uses . not worth the time to put back together 
camera neg 780.txt poor and slow focus and flash . thought nikon had a good name.......wrong if you like this camera it must be you first digital 
books pos 873.txt in self-hypnosis for women c . alexander and annellen simpkins have created an instrument , a book and cd combination tailored to both the novice and the familiar practitioner of hypnosis . the simpkins have masterfully crafted this guide to self-guidance weaving explanation and experience throughout the written and spoken words . provided are tools useful in addressing a wide array of events familiar to most on the journey of being human . while true to its title , self-hypnosis for women , offering examples of utilization directly fashioned to " experiences " idiosyncratic to women : menstruation , pregnancy , labor and delivery , and menopause , the title of this work belies its more universal " applicability " to components of life common to both women and men : self image ; pain management ; overcoming fear and anxiety , and finding personal balance . the book is prefaced with instructions on gaining the most benefit for individual readers . those who may wish to skip over the more basic instructions are advised to begin their journey in later chapters . those who are new to the practice of hypnosis , or enjoy viewing the history and techniques from others ' perspectives are offered just that in the earlier chapters . the story of hypnosis , and the modern history and research of hypnosis take the readers back to the early stages of identified systematic trancework , from mesmer , charcot and freud , to the contributions of hilgard , hull , and milton h . erickson ; they then procede to accompany the participant on the journey through current and future directions , including their own paths , on which they are about to embark . the simpkins define suggestion as " a process by which a stimulus is accepted and then transformed through unconscious processing into an action , experience , attitude or concept . ( p.45 ) " this presentation of suggestion sets the stage for an environment conducive to the development of a personal ability to self-guide . together , the book and cd promote the utilization of both conscious and unconscious processes as learning tools , assisting in the transformation from less popular emotions such as fear or sadness to components of life which offers guidance and assistance . specific hypnotic techniques , are explained , and accompanied by exercises which give the audience an immediate opportunity to begin experiencing and tailoring that procedure . the framework for these exercises is the suggestion of an " experiment " with that particular technique , creating an environment for the learner to safely attempt each new activity with no possibility of failure . the only opportunity not offered is that of incompetence . there is only a place to try , adjust , and retry each experiment until the reader fashions their own skill set based on personal significance and comfort . more than a " bonus " the accompanying cd is a work of art on its own . again , mixing explanation with experiential learning , this auditory tool incorporates fractalization as a teaching method , to assist the listener in entering and returning from graduated levels of trance exploration . a vast canvas is provided , upon which the hypnotic partner can create motor , auditory and visual experiences with encouragement and assistance , rather than direction or interference , a respectful approach not always found in " self-hypnosis " recordings . sharon mclaughlin ma , managing editor , milton h . erickson newsletter 
health pos 598.txt product is exactly what you would expect . i have been using it for 2 months 3-5 times a day with great success . i would buy it again knowing how well it works 
music pos 426.txt i have followed the enigma project for a long time , and have n't found myself disappointed with a single release thus far . ( that is , considering i am reviewing an older album . ) ' the cross of changes , ' the second chapter in the enigma project , offers philosophical insight into micheal crtu 's personal beliefs , in the form of an ' enigmatic ' symphony of soft composition and chanson . while each album seems to hold it 's own unique interpretation of life , i believe the purpose of this album is to inspire love , peace and wholeness within its listeners . the lyrical value of ' the cross of changes ' seems to surpass that of its instrumental quality , which is , at times , rather poor in comparison to some of micheal 's other works . however , the lyrics are reassuring and inspiring , none-the-less , and make the entire experience worthwhile . buyers who are curious about enigma probably should n't start with this album , as it seems to be one of those things you appreciate only after hearing some of the latter releases . ( in my case , at least . ) the first album i purchased was ' love , sensuality , devotion ' ( the greatest hits album ) - - a good start , considering you will get a fair idea of what enigma is all about . by the way , i am curious about track number 2 - - everytime i listen to it , i faintly hear sandra chanting " open your heart , and push the limits.. . " in the background , though it could just be my imagination . it 's strange that i mention that , because ' push the limits ' was released after this album 
software pos 580.txt i love this product . i had so many pictures that need to be in a scrapbook . this was so fast and easy , also it only took a couple of weeks to complete . i did n't over spend on paper , tape , glue , and etc. with three kids i do n't have the time to sit down and cut , measure and more . with all my pages completed . i added a few things to go along with the theme of my page . i even used left over christmas wrap to fill the 12x12 for christmas pictures / theme 
music neg 320.txt with 2 cds of endless repeated chords , they do n't have much to say 
dvd pos 410.txt i saw wirey spindell in theater in new york , and i thought itwas awesome ! i had never heard of it before , but it is a trueendorsement of indie films . if you love laughing , you 'll love this movie . i loved devin matthews-johnson and eric mabius too , they 're both so cute 
books neg 434.txt as i read this book , when madeline was young , i felt as though i was lost , wandering through a forest , searching for something - a beautiful butterfly , a perfect flower , a mystical cottage . but there 's nothing there . it 's just a forest full of a confusing tangle of leaves and vines and nothing mystical at all . and that 's how this book is written . it is a tangle of thoughts and words , spread from the first page to the last . nothing special at all . i 've read all of jane hamilton 's books . i loved the book of ruth . adored a map of the world . they were both wonderful and i will always have positive comments for them , but i doubt i will ever buy another book by ms. hamilton . it 's not that i want a " formula " book . but i do want to read something that i can relate to and i do n't relate to this at all . i do n't like mac , the narrator . his mother is just plain strange and not endearing or believable at all . i ca n't stand buddy , his cousin . the rest of the characters i barely know and , quite frankly , do n't want to get to know . perhaps i 've changed since her first book came out . perhaps the author has . but whatever the differences , my love of jane hamilton 's books has ended . sadly 
music pos 420.txt coltranes recordings with his classic quartet of ' 61-5 varied between very good and stunning . coltrane fans may want to get the impulse ! box set instead though ( which includes this cd and the other works of the quartet 
health pos 1.txt i 've found the omron very easy and practical to use . it gives very good estimates of body fat percentages and bmi ( body mass index ) which can easily be used to illustrate a personal rate of progress for any dietary or weight training program . for the money , it would be difficult to find something better 
camera pos 128.txt this camera does all that canon says it does . fantastic pictures . great flexibility for manual control or simple point-and-shoot use . i did a lot of research before buying , and i could not be happier with the canon g6 
books neg 360.txt this novel comes off like a high schooler wanting to write about the movie and music industries . in between the entertainment biz cliches , the author can only think to put various assination hits . some of the characters are interesting but not believable , and they certainly ca n't make up for the braindead plot . read some of his other novels and skip this one 
dvd neg 567.txt i suggest watching the original version : sword of doom - which is amazing . a lot less acid is involved , and less cliche . izo is a rent , at best 
camera neg 864.txt if you want a quality product , this ai n't it . the dreaded " remove the cassette " error is true and in full force . do n't take my word for it , search the net and find the hundreds , upon thousands of unhappy consumers who purchased this piece of junk and discovered it the hard way . i highly suggest the panasonic ag-dvx100. it costs a bit more , but well worth it . before reading other reviews , make sure that they are comparing the gl-2 to another cam , like tony l . shores . he compares the canon gl-piece-of-junk-2 to the sony hdr-fx1. sure , the sony is much better , but it is also a high-definition cam . if you want hd , check out the panasonic ag-hvx200. do your research , read the reviews 
books neg 432.txt i hate this book . it is extremely boring and it is way too long . there are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar . do not read this unless forced to . i like to read , but this nearly put me to sleep . avoid at all cost 
camera pos 20.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
health neg 566.txt the amount of time resulted in minimal results- -i was very disappointed 
software pos 850.txt this is a major upgrade from previous versions . . . much easier to use and a much cleaner format 
music neg 792.txt once again , the geniuses at universal have failed to give fans a decent collection ! although the single disc very best of released in 2005 provided a fine and simplistic overview of robert palmer 's career , it omitted a few " must have " songs in favour of live material ( making for a 90% ok collection ) . earlier anthologies also suffered invariably from " redo " syndrome : the artist redoing a vocal track here , a drum mix there , re-recording entire songs elsewhere . this collection 's no different . in fact , there are many " remixed " and " redone " and " alternate vocal " mixes present ( something the very best of album avoided altogether , much to its credit ) . here , insult is further added to injury with poor song sequencing . indeed , the classic and sequenced " sailing shoes / hey julia / sneaking sally through the alley " trilogy that marked the beginning of palmer 's breakthrough album is present , but the songs have been scattered apart from one another . thereby pondering the question : what were they thinking ? why was this done in this manner ? what do fans really want ? a 2 disc set that features the original material ( remastered , yes , but not remixed in any way , shape or form ) and a proper chronological sequence . done in this manner , such a set would properly honour one of popdom 's most memorable and talented individuals . what gold has done showed that compilers went through a rock encyclopedia , took the right batch of songs , but mish-mashed them in a half-cobbled manner . this collection does no one any favours . stick to very best of until another bright light at universal tries their hand at compiling a decent collection . that said , the way the music biz is these days , do n't count on it . 
software pos 724.txt 4 different methods to learn the language , i am able to do 2 lessons an evening one to repeat and one new . the only thing you have to do is sit in fron of the computer . just listen and look and the key words will pop out at you and you just can not help but to learn the new language . very user friendly 
health pos 384.txt upgraded to this razor after my old remington died , and i 've been very happy with it . it cut a bit close , which irritated my skin at first , but i think that was just me getting used to the " lift & cut . " this would be an excellent razor if it was n't for two features ( or lack thereof ) that make it a pain to use . 1. the internal battery is nicd . this type of battery has " memory " to it , which means for optimal performance , the battery should be fully drained before you recharge it . otherwise , the life of the battery will slowly shorten until the battery is useless . 2. there is n't a low battery indicator . by itself , either of these features would n't pose a problem . combined , you 're left wondering when you 'll have to charge the shaver , or when you 're off on that business trip , if you 'll need to bring the charger . in the long run , this razor is cheap enough and i expect the battery to last for years . still , it would have been better if the battery was made of nimh or some technology that 's not 15 years old . 
software neg 616.txt i am very disappointed in vista . it took about 12 hours to install and now my computer is extremely slow . i would absolutely not recommend it 
software neg 525.txt i contacted the program 's customer service department when the cards in this program printed off center no matter what i did . i received an email saying that this was a known problem with the program and a fix would be available by the end of january . mid-february i asked again about it as there had been no fix . that time they said it would be fixed by the end of february . i 've used their previous programs w / out problems , just wanted more variety so added this one . apparently not a good idea.... . 
books neg 902.txt mark furman cab be a brilliant detective but he is not a medical examiner . this is the same guy who almost imediately solved the oj murder case while at the same time being shown to be a racist by his previous interview . one big plus and one big minus resulting in a not guilty verdict . mark has been shown to be a liability in anything involving ethics . he can add nothing to the terry schiavo story . 
books neg 859.txt this book sucked . all the other people in my book group and i hated this book . there is only a stupid plot about a pig running awa 
dvd pos 133.txt the perpetrators of a high-level corporate scandal ( masayuki mori , takashi shimura , ko nishimura ) are pursued by the illegitamate son ( toshiro mifune ) of a low-level functionary that they drove to suicide to protect their schemes . this film begins as a deeply satisfying revenge epic , but the masterful director akira kurosawa is not content to let it rest there . he draws out all the moral complexities of the situation , then hits us with an unexpected development at the end that gives an ironic twist to his title . the bad may not always go to prison for their crimes , but do they really " sleep well ? 
camera pos 853.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non 
camera pos 593.txt i had to decide between this camera and a panasonic . we trust the sony brand a little more , so we went with the sony . we were looking for an easy-to-use camera that we could just pick up and record our daughter...nothing professional but good enough quality to enjoy years later . i also wanted a camera that could take still photos so we would n't need both a digital camera and a camcorder when we take vacations . here 's what i think so far : great camcorder to do exactly what we want - - picture looks great inside and out , very easy to use , and small enough to carry along almost anywhere . still photos are not fantastic ( only 3mp ) , but good enough for me . color and resolution are acceptable . not easy to understand the lcd touch menus , but you can configure the buttons once you figure out which buttons you will use the most . i got the bare minimums for accessories...bought a 1gb memory card ( memory stick duo pro ) ...glad i did this since i will be taking stills and short video clips to email to the grandparents . also got a carrying case , dv tapes , and an extra np-fp71 battery . i 'll be purchasing a firewire cable soon ( i 'm sure you 've heard , the usb cable is inadequate for downloading video ) . handycam station does n't really bother me that much , but i can see what the fuss is about . all things considered , i 'm extremely happy with my purchase . i think this is a perfect camera for a first-time camcorder buyer who needs an easy button ( there 's one on the side of the camera ) . a little more expensive than some of the others , but the price is dropping . best of luck ! 
music pos 498.txt this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia 
software pos 544.txt well its definetly improved version since the last one , but they still have a lot of things to do . the biggest problem is pages . if text has specific symbols , like greek letters and u try to export your file to doc , forget it . u 'll have the same problem as 10 yrs ago , either funky symbols or underline dashes . keynote is much better . but if u r a scientist and not a sales man , both packages still have a lot of room for improvement . however , i 'm still happy with this purchase , because it 's apple soft and looks much nicer than any ms software will get in the future 
camera neg 34.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us 
camera neg 279.txt i purchased this along with a sony dcrhc21. this carry case was listed as an accesory so i expected it to be appropriately sized ( as other sony cases i 've purchased fit like a glove ) . this case is entirely too large to hold a minidv camcorder . the camcorder rattles around inside it . if you have extra attachments and lenses maybe you might need this one . otherwise i suggest you look at the product specifications , note the dimensions and then look at your camcorder 's size . 
health neg 117.txt i bought this from ioniczone themselves . it does not work . i kept it on for an entire month , the filter was never dirty at all . also , this unit is extremely small , the pic is rather misleading i was however able to return the unit to the office in nv , had to make 2 phone calls and the person was very polite . i went on to buy one from ionicpro , and what a difference it was , filters requires cleaning every 10 days or so and it was really dirty . 
dvd pos 468.txt this is the only movie that i really like , made by woody allen , but is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . 
books pos 362.txt i 'm amazed that people did n't like this book more.. . i am also a land arch student who had it as an assigned book that was rarely actually assigned . i was thumbing through it in hopes of generating ideas for another class and was amazed at the amount of usable information it contained . perhaps it is better digested in chunks instead of the whole . i found it great as a reference book 
music pos 154.txt ah , yes , it 's nirvana 's " nevermind " cd , released in 1991. i listen to all 80 's pop-metal , or hair metal ( whitesnake , winger , van halen , y&t , dokken ) i could go on forever on 80 's bands . ( of course there is rick springfield , and john cougar mellencamp ) . i am a true rocker here , i know all the true bands out there , i know everything about them . i have reasons for this . but here 's the bottom line . nirvana was a breakthough along with soundgarden and pearl jam back in the early 90's . millions of people bought those cds . and yes , there were hair bands still alive back then , like poison , and firehouse , etc. firehouse and poison had alot of success , eventhough it was n't the 80 's anymore . as i can see , alot of my fellow rockers do n't really like nirvana , or pearl jam , or soundgarden . to be completely honest , i like their music , i just do n't prefer the music , because i do n't like the hard sound . i really like the glam-hair band style . people say : " nirvana and those other grunge bands killed glam-metal " . yes , i agree that they killed the 80 's hair bands , but it 's not necessarly their fault . it 's a mix between the bands , and the people listenting to the music . because of grundge music , today 's music is quite horrifying , with emo and other types of music that would 've been a nightmare back in those days . nirvana has a great cd here , but i just do n't prefer it . if you are a real rocker , you 'll listen to all the types of music back then . do n't judge unless you have actually heard it , because you may actually like it . to all rockers - do n't listen to modern music . it 's poisoning our people , and no one really understands the true meaning of " the guitar " in today 's music . most of you will understand what i mean , so listen to the classics . classic rock , and hair bands forever , and even grunge . keep the classic alive . ~the sicilian axe ma 
dvd neg 407.txt maybe it 's just me , but i really do n't see the appeal of this movie . it 's an incredibly small production ( 3 actors comprise nearly the entire film ) , with very low production values . norman reedus gives by far the weakest performance as the hitchhiker , but alan rickman and polly walker are not at their finest , either . ( and i am an alan rickman fan just like anyone else who would even consider watching this movie . ) if you are an alan rickman fan , chances are you 've already seen your fair share of horrible and incomprehensible movies that leave you wondering why an accomplished actor would choose them . and dark harbor is just one more of these . do n't let the promise of a " nude scene " convince you to buy this movie - honestly , alan rickman is better appreciated with his clothes on . as far as the movie is concerned , the plot is unoriginal and not particularly engaging . it is a very dialogue-heavy film and the dialogue is not well-written enough to carry it off . 
software pos 871.txt as a beta user i assure you that this will make your life easier by not having to stock a lot of forms from the court 
camera neg 297.txt the product advertisement is misleading or incomplete ( no picture of the actual contents ) . the following quote is from fuji mall : " ac adapter : charge your batteries at home or around the world with the travel adapters . " what it fails to mention is that the charger is an external charger only , and you cannot power the camera or charge batteries while in the camera . i was looking for an ac adapter that i can power the camera ( and charge it 's batteries inside the camera ) . the nimh cells are not the 2500 ma / hr rating that comes with the e900 camera ( they are 2000 ma / hr , but this was noted in the product specifications ) . i teach a photography class and needed an ac adapter to power each camera used during the class while demonstrating . this product does not meet this criteria . it can however charge up to 4-aa batteries at a time , and includes an auto adapter which is handy . case is bulky , not small enough to tote an e900 conveniently when not bringing the charger equipment 
books neg 630.txt many words - few practical tips ! this book did not give much more ( -valuable - ) information than i already had found out by reading the manual delivered with my pocket computer . after reading the book i still had to search for web communities , where some of my questions could be answered . my expectations when buying the book were mainly focused on the need for practical hints concerning how to manage tasks , contacts and appointments . unfortunately , in my view , these important and basic issues were treated too superficially . 
health pos 555.txt clic eyewear is a thoroughly convenient way to wear reading glasses . i keep them with me hung around my neck all the time . the glasses are made well . almost every person who sees me click them together wants to know where i got them 
books neg 442.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
dvd neg 838.txt she is a little poser ! ! ! kimi is the most gross and irritating of the babies . wearing that stupid little diaper , always so happy . she wo n't be so happy when i kick her between the legs . also , those stupid little cowboy boots . she really sucks . i 'd like to see her get really injurewd and cry . that shown her ! ! ! the movie was good , but she stinks 
dvd pos 356.txt great improvements over the original dvd . enhanced for 16x9 tvs with scenes that are now clearer and actually 2.35:1 widescreen ratio . the original dvd claims an aspect ratio of " approximately 2.35:1 " which was not true . i own both versions and have compared viewing aspects of each . clearly this dvd is far superior and well worth the purchase price . this plays very well on my hdtv monitor ; i 'll give the old version to someone w / an old 4x3 tv . 
health pos 800.txt i had my original clic readers for about six years before i had to replace them . i love the quality of the lenses , the ease of use and the fact that i do not have to remember where i put them when i took them off . i never take them off and have even ordered several pair for other people at work . i am a carpenter and other than having to clean sawdust that accumulates on them once in a while , find them to be one of the most useful tools i own . 
books pos 182.txt this is a great beginner 's guide to home buying . the advice is straightforward and the explanations are easy to understand . buying a home is a scary and daunting prospect for me . i kept getting a lot of conflicting advice from relatives , friends , and coworkers on when to buy , what to buy , and how to buy . this is very frustrating as everyone means well , but what worked for them might not apply to me . and do n't bother asking a realtor or mortgage company if you should buy- -they make their living on our decisions to buy ! so i bought home buying for dummies to learn more , and it has a lot of sound and thoughtful guidance to help decide when and how much to buy.. . and also how to find a good home , and then negotiate with the realtors , the sellers , the mortgage companies , and everyone else that is sticking their hands in your wallet . the author 's advice is realistic , and he points out the pitfalls of jumping in and what trouble you can get into with the different loan options out there 
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also 
music pos 317.txt i love every track on ne-yo 's cd " in my own words ! " next let me thank ne-yo for bringing true r&b back to the industry ! i dont consider songs about cheating on your bf / gf / husband / wife r&b . r&b is supposed to be about love - thats why people call them slow love songs . and from 2001 - 2005 new slow love songs did n't exist . i ended up listenin to the same songs from da 90 's over and over until i got so tired of them , and was fortunate to be lucky enough for my radio station ( that plays mostly rap : a genre of music i dont like ) to play " so sick " by ne-yo . it was a great song . this is literally the first and only r&b album that i never have the urge to use the fast forward feature to get to the next song ! ne-yo 's lyrics are strictly romantic and sweet too ! he is a lyrical genius . his voice is soothing and melodic . most r&b albums obviously have rap tracks or rushed r&b songs as filler to probably meet the deadline or get the cd out as fast as possible and reducing the enjoyability of the cd , but this album has all songs that are great . all of the tracks on this album are great , but here are the ones that are superb : 1. so sick - 9 / 10 ( would be a 10 if it was n't played over and over and with so many different versions . although i can still listen to it over and over 2. when you 're mad - 9 / 10 ( for those guys who like the look on girls faces when they get mad . maybe for michelle rodriguez fans . : ) ) 3. get down like that 10 / 10 ( both versions ) ( i call it " dont get down like that " ) ( this song is for the guys that are completely faithful like me ) ( if you 're not a player , and proud of being faithful , this is da song for you ) 4. sexy love - 10 / 10 ( great song . um hmmm. . what can i say about this one about its lyrics ? .... oh yes... . this song is for the guys who have a girl and when she touches them , it just feels like... . magic . ) this is da only cd dat ever deserved 5 stars by me , the only reason i gave other r&b albums 5 stars is cuz i took into consideration : there was no r&b album that existed that had nothing but good tracks , and most had poorly done upbeat song 
music pos 684.txt excellent 24 track compilation of this surperb psychedelic dutch band . each tune was a single sometime between 1965-69. these guys are not to be confused with a u.s. band from the same era of the same name . cuts that make this cd a true keeper are " sun 's going down " , the tripping " feel like i wanted to cry " , " keep on trying " , the familiar sounding " touch " and " ballad of john b " . this is yet another band i 've heard at least one or two tracks on the rhino release of ' original artyfacts : nuggets ii ' 4-cd box set.should appeal to fans of pretty things , q65 , early beatles , creation and the action.a must-have 
books neg 946.txt susanna rowson 's & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman . poor , pitiful charlotte finds herself in the midst of an immoral and unforgiving world where one transgression sends her on the road to permanent ruin . rowson encases her heroine charlotte temple within a world of virtue and vengeance . charlotte has no possible means of escaping her inevitable fate because the author / narrator makes it clear from the onset that she has written this story as a lesson to young woman . she has no real interest in charlotte as a dimensional character . charlotte simply serves as a symbol of lost virtue and symbols do not have real emotions or feelings . & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; was written in 1794 and became one of the first best sellers of the newly formed america . a morally abhorrent woman who pays for her sins almost always guaranteed a best seller in the eighteenth century and now & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; has been rediscovered and published in a scholarly press edition . was this reclamation of charlotte really necessary ? in the past twenty years , feminist scholars have rediscovered authors and texts that have gone out of print or been totally ignored by the literati . authors such as anne plumptre , frances burney , aphra behn , sarah fielding and charlotte lennox have been dusted off and given new literary lives . feminist scholar cathy davidson has taken charlotte temple in hand and aims to join rowson to the above list of rediscoveries . unfortunately , rowson does not warrant such treatment . rowson has a flat , humorless approach to the fallen woman story . unlike burney 's & quot ; evelina&quot ; or & quot ; camilla , & quot ; rowson does not imbue her narrative with needed levity . her pedantic iron-fisted preaching smothers the modern reader in a moral morass that confounds rather than illuminates . in many of the fallen women stories , authors would use the genre as a subversive technique to criticize the patriarchal structures . rowson does engage in such subversion within the novel . she seeks to preach to the young women who may fall victim to the unscrupulous man - - in england and america , it was not considered altogether lady-like to read a novel , so rowson would be preaching to young women who had already transgressed . rowson does not criticize men within the novel . she does not censure montraville for taking charlotte as his mistress , impregnating her and abandoning her for a wealthier woman . when he believes that charlotte has becomes his best friend 's mistress , he does not believe that she would soil her reputation even though she has ruined her life by engaging in an illicit affair with him . he aims to enact revenge upon the friend for acting & quot ; dishonorable&quot ; against her . yet if he had not acted dishonorably towards her , she would not have been reduced to a penniless , pregnant ex-mistress scrounging the streets for food and shelter . he never takes responsibility for his role in charlotte 's downfall . rowson had the perfect opportunity for savage criticism of the patriarchy with montraville but she fails to take it . instead , rowson places the blame for charlotte 's ruin on the women within the novel . when charlotte leaves the safe bosom of her morally upstanding family , she enters into the deviant world of the female who fail to protect her from licentious men . madame du pont errs in judgment by hiring the morally loose miss la rue . madame du pont sets charlotte 's downfall in action . rowson does not punish the ignorant madame du pont by killing her , she ends up an hysterical mess after the montraville / charlotte & quot ; elopement . &quot ; miss la rue , the woman who pushes charlotte into the arms of montraville , must be punished for being a promiscuous woman . she ends up poor and begs for her last scrap of food . she ends up dying painfully as rowson takes the opportunity to lecture her readers on the improper behavior of loose women . why would modern readers want to read this ? i do not think any intelligent would reader would want to subject themselves to the depressing experience of reading this novel . at 125 pages , it seemed to progress at such an excruciating pace . no character has any shadings . there are no subplots to divert the attention from the static charlotte . rowson does nothing to keep our interest . unfortunately rowson has become a heroine to feminist scholars for her feat as the first american woman to have a best-selling novel . that accomplishment is noteworthy as literary trivia , but it does not make for engaging reading 
camera pos 169.txt i wish i 'd bought this a loooong time ago ! it is so helpful , esp . with macro shots . highly recommend 
software neg 836.txt cakewalk " s advertisement saying something like.. . " no experience needed to operate this software.. . " is , in my mind , mis-leading at least and a down right lie at most . i 've had it now for about three weeks , work on it most days , usually in the middle of the night so i can really concentrate on it , and still cant get anything out of it . all i wanted was some backing tracks for my acoustic guitar work...blues , pop , country....so far nothing and i am thinking about giving up . i can operate a computer but this skill has nothing to do with this most confusing piece of junk i have ever seen . beware...unless your a recording engineer you probably will be disapointed . 
dvd neg 549.txt travolta was great in saturday night fever , but this country version just did n't work . although he 's a good actor , he just was wrongly cast in this film 
health neg 959.txt this product is difficult to use and does not clearly cover the scratches on the lenses as advertised . there are bubbles in the product that do not clear up as it dries . i do not recommend this ! just get new glasses 
software pos 280.txt i have got a virus that cause files " comment.htt " appeared in many folders and my previous antivirus can detect them but can not destroy that virus . i tried to use another 2 antiviruses but not effective . so i try kav and it works ! also kav does not slow my computer like some big-named antivirus . autoupdate feature is cool . we do not have to click anything and the prize is reasonable 
health pos 808.txt i 've been relying on this lotions for over a decade . of the many i 've tried , it 's the only one that provides both immediate dryness relief and long-lasting moisturizing . some may find the initial glycerin slickness to be excessive , especially on hands , but if you have skin as dry as mine you 'll tolerate a minute or two of " greasiness " for the softness and comfort that lasts for hours . these comments are for neutrogena emulsion only - - neutrogena body lotion did not work well for me 
software pos 628.txt wonderful game a true challange for any die hard friends fan two big thumbs up ! ! ! ! 
music pos 552.txt undoubtedly , marnie belongs to the top list of bernard herrmann 's best film scores , a wonderful musical image of alfred hitchcock 's underrated movie . written for small ensemble ( strings , woods , harp and horns ) herrmann gives the music a wonderfully flowing mood , tasteful and delighted along with the dark characteristics in every second bar that herrmann so masterful handles in all his works for hitch . joel mcneely 's reading is simply stunning as ever , so is the performance , but i just do n't like the overall acoustics on these varse rerecordings with the large hall reverb giving the orchestra no room for details . they simply are overheard in this muffled sound . this is far from ideal for recording a film score and i bet herrmann would not have liked this ! but , it 's a great , great score 
camera neg 166.txt i have had this camera since jan ' 05 and have so far taken approximately 10 , 000 shots while on trips and at weddings . do n't expect much from it and you will be happy . as an entry level dslr it does what it 's supposed to do in ideal conditions . i find it 's strength is in taking people photographs in bright light , provided that they are not moving . cons : in landscape photography this camera is lacking - both due to inadequate megapixels and it 's inability to capture the natural blues and greens very well . battery dies fast . the battery i got with it hardly lasts a whole day of shooting , especially when shooting in raw mode . i have yet to fill up a 1gig card when shooting in raw mode ( approx 150 shots ) before the battery dies . surprisingly when shooting jpegs , i get more shots per charge ( over 300 ) but hardly enough to last a day . i cannot tell you the number of times the battery has died on me while i was out on a hike . so i always carry a backup film camera ( my trusty elan 7 ) . the viewfinder is very dim . when i look through my elan 7 and then through the 300d , it is painfully obvious how dark the image is through the 300d 's viewfinder . in indoor situations with low light this becomes a handicap , especially when having to resort to manual focus . autofocus in low light for the 300d is terrible . when shooting indoors , the autofocus hunts and ends up focusing on something behind your intended subject . i have lots of beautiful photos of walls and sconces in the background in sharp focus while the people standing in front in the middle of the frame are an out of focus blur . this is despite having a 420ex flash on my camera that uses an infrared beam to assist with the focus . the 420ex flash is supposed to " talk " to the camera and adjust the power in order to ensure the subjects are not over or under exposed . however , with the 300d , this is a crap shoot at best and many of my indoor shots are over / under exposed . after about five months , the shutter button started sticking . i would click it and then it would remain depressed . the shutter button would only pop back up after i jiggled it a little . another annoying thing about the camera is that the settings are displayed on the rear of the camera and not on the top beside the shutter button . and since there is only one thumbwheel , it is not easy to change aperature and shutter speed . for example , if you use the thumbwheel to change the aperature , then to change the shutter speed you would have to press another button while at the same time turning the thumbwheel . when you take thousands of shots over the life of the camera , this is a real annoyance . so would i recommend this camera : if you are a casual point and shoot person , it 's an affordable entry into dslrs that produces decent photos . but if you plan on shooting a lot indoors or want to take landscape photographs that can actually convey the colors accurately , look elsewhere 
software neg 139.txt warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them 
camera pos 471.txt a little background first.. . this was an upgrade camera for me , just over a year ago . i was in 35mm format for over 20 years . i used a pentax k1000 body and several different lenses , tele-converters and filters . at work , i 've had 4 years experience with a fuji fine pix 2mp " point-and-shoot " . it was provided by my work and was very durable ( it had to be , as i am in construction engineering ) . when i decided to switch " personally " to all digital i was very cautious . i first looked for pic quality and durability . from an " advanced-amature " photographer 's point of view , this camera is great ! ! ! this camera never leaves my side . it travels with me everywhere i go . it is extremely durable as it is mounted to an " ultra-pod ii " and i carry it over my shoulder ( i do n't keep it in a bag ) . it provides me outstanding quality pohotgraphs ( close , far or fast : work or play ) at a very reasonable price . it takes reasonable video ( considering my 35mm took none at all ) . it is easy to use and learn ( even for an old 35mm guy ) . it is lightweight and power usage is not an issue ( nimh is the way to go ) . i take close to 20 , 000 pics a year for work and play . i am always experimenting with this camera and it 's limits . i am so pleased with this camera ( and the previous fuji i used ) that my next upgrade will be a fuji as well ( looking to 10mp ) . for the $$$ you ca n't go wrong 
music pos 938.txt i consider this to be one of the finest live coltrane recordings out there . it was also one of the first coltrane albums i picked up , and it was a fantastic gateway to some of his more abstract live recordings on followup releases like live at the village vanguard again and live in japan . this is much more similar to afro blue impressions which is another overlooked release . by this point in time , trane had already done some work with eric dolphy and his playing was growing in a much more abstract direction as we would hear on a love supreme just one year later . one of the reasons why this disc is overlooked is because elvin jones is replaced by roy haynes , while jones was serving some jail time . the absence of jones is noticeable but i still think this is worthy of five stars . the first 3 tracks are from the newport jazz festival and in addition to haynes and trane , we have the remaining quartet members , mccoy tyner ( piano ) and jimmy garrison ( bass ) . tyner is especially amazing on ' my favorite things ' which i consider the best version of that piece in trane 's entire catalogue . i consider it to be a bridge to some of his later recordings . this is because we get trane 's two sides . first of all there is great tone and lyricism in the first part of the piece . however , the song still goes on for 17 minutes and the interplay between tyner and haynes for much of it is amazing . rounding out the performance is billy eckstine 's ' i want to talk about you ' with a mesmerizing credenza which is a staple of trane 's technique , followed by a 15 minute version of ' impressions . ' again we hear trane 's two sides . on one hand we hear where he is coming from . which is the confines of other jazz gods like miles davis and thelonius monk . on the the other hand we can see where he is going , which is a much more abstract / free-jazz approach . once you can begin to understand trane 's more abstract side , you will find later recordings less challenging , such as interstellar space , meditations , or a love supreme . in addition to the three newport recordings , there is an extra track from november of 1961 from the village vanguard . ' chasin ' another trane ' is played by haynes and trane as well as dolphy on alto sax and reggie workman on bass . the presence of dolphy and the removal of piano makes this the most avant-garde piece on the record , almost reminiscent of early ornette coleman . coltrane really cooks on this record , and the sound quality is also pretty decent . it 's not as crystal clear as his carnegie hall concert with monk , but nevertheless , i consider it a great place to start for trane fans who are reluctant to embrace his later music . 
music neg 866.txt very very dissapointed . e-40 raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick 
music pos 841.txt what has happened to the song " lives in the balance " on this set ? if you go to his website it sounds really great ! ! ! on this set it sounds awfull ! ! it sounds as if he was in a really big hurry to get the song over with . the packaging if you could call it that is really lame . foam dots for holders ? what do you do when those fall off ? i suppose you put the cd 's in jewel cases or else they will get really scratched up . not to mention it is missing some of his greatest work ! true you do get alot of songs for the money but , there should have been more time planning this set out before actually producing it . if you own an i-pod i suggest you go to apples i-tunes web page and import the great songs this set is missing as well as the others you really like off of this set and you will probably have spent the same amount of money if not less 
dvd neg 810.txt after doing this film steve martin quit doing movies for a while and even turned down scripts written for him so if your a huge fan you may enjoy it , but roxanne , la story , and bowfinger are some of steve 's best works . 
software pos 21.txt previously i owned colorvision 's spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . it did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . the new spyder2pro includes printfix plus . this along with the monitor correction spyder2pro works very effectively . i am very happy with the program . for the price it is a great addition to photoshop editing . the spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . i have not found any particular negatives about the program . in the past i have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . they were very responsive and helpful . 
books neg 683.txt " tourists are learning that the image of the terrible turk is false , created to a great degree by it unfriendly neighbors . turks are quick to remind visitors that , surrounded by syria , iraq , iran , armenia , georgia , bulgaria , and greece , they 're not living in mr. rogers ' neighborhood . " this is a direct quote . it sounds like they 're trying to say that the surrounding countries are painting an incorrect negative image of turkey . which is amusing , since he listed both greece and armenia there , which were both targeted by turkey . either this writing staff has no idea what they 're writing and is just happy to sell books , thinking no one will double check the info , or they 're racist and opinionated . either way , i would n't trust the info in here even as a rough guide on where to go . 
software pos 597.txt this always was a microsoft good program , who needs know how be and for where , this is a good choic 
music neg 547.txt john coltrane was villified most of his creative life for playing at the edge of a world he was helping to redefine . wynton and the lcjo are in effect the death of creative musicians like coltrane , or most of the truly creative jazz scene for that matter . wynton is establishing himself as " the face of jazz " . a market oriented phenomenon which freezes some of the elements making jazz without ever capturing the true essence of the music . by telling us ( and make no mistake , these guys do.. . ) : " this is what jazz is " and trying to re-appropriate themselves the music of jazz giants such as john coltrane who , if he were alive , would not be given the time of day by these folks , wynton and his posses are raping what is true and beautiful in this music . the recording , since i must talk about it , features a set of crafty yet discomboluted arrangements merely mimicking what coltrane was , mostly empty of content , setting in motions soloists who sound more like " jazz puppets " than anything remotely close to what coltrane was striving for ( notable exception : ted nash ! ) . you do not need this record . wynton and the lcjo does not need your money ; spend it on musicians who put their life and their art on the edge , the way coltrane did 
music neg 117.txt with perverse , mike edwards set out to prove that jesus jones was more than a ` sunny , breezy pop band ' , what he ended up proving was that if they were n't no one was interested . sad to say , but pop hooks were what people expected from jj , and actually there are some here , but they are smothered by industrial / techno gook . stick with doubt , that 's where jj peaked , even if some claimed they had ` sold out' . here they are pushing the boundaries , but that does n't always make for a great listening experience 
dvd pos 278.txt it took me all of 4 hours to read this book . it was insightful and entertaining . it was also sad . i cried so hard at the end of the book that i hiccuped for 3 hours . i work at a children 's home and have passed this book to several of my ' children ' who returned the book damp with tears and facing challenges with new resolve . i highly recommend this book to anyone who has to face any type of challenge , whether mental , physical , financial , whatever 
camera pos 655.txt if you use the viewfinder instead of the lcd field , it does not appear on the lcd , you can only see it through the viewfinder . this is different from previous models . minor annoyance . the quality of the videos was surprisingly good , but it saves them in the quicktime .mov format . mov is not my favorite format , but perhaps others will not be bothered by this . although i had heard that the color on kodaks is not natural , i have found it to be excellent . the overall quality of the pictures is good . for the price , i think this is a very good value and adequate for most casual photographers . 
software pos 662.txt i thought that i could never learn piano on my own . all the material that i ever looked into either did n't have enough information in it or was too complicated for its own good . because of this software , i am constantly learning new things , and slowly improving my skills as a future pianist . if you are a beginner , you want to buy this software . it 's done wonders for me 
software pos 85.txt this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment 
software pos 707.txt i 've used several other protection packages over the years and am please to say that last year found trend micro . their internet protection is imho the best . easy to install , does n't eat up system resources , updates regularly , does n't conflict with other programs . currently installed on 6 systems and i have no complaints at all , only praise 
software pos 788.txt i purchased this product needing to work on a personal legal ( nonbusiness ) matter , so the noncommercial license was fine for my " home " use . good thing i checked with corel after buying it and seeing the " home edition " captions not only on the total suite packaging but underneath the " wordperfect " and " quattro pro " components ( inside front box folding cover with velcro ) . corel ultimately confirmed to me that " certain components that are designed for the business customer , such as legal tools , metadata removal , document compare , quickfinder to name a few are not included in the home edition version . " corel needs to make this clearer in their marketing of the " home edition . " i focused on the word processing application , but the quattro pro application is also captioned as " home edition " so it may be missing some features available in the quattro pro included in other suite versions ( standard , pro , student / teacher , etc. ) . the home edition may still be suitable for some users , but i 'm a strong believer in " full disclosure . " wordperfect itself is a great program . try setting point sizes with decimals in word - - you can't . try changing the size of the font in legal pleadings in word - - there 's no direct control of it ( the microsoft site instructs you to change margins and number of lines per page to attempt to get word to adjust the font size ) [but remember , you need any wordperfect version other than home edition to get legal tools] 
books pos 90.txt spend big bucks and hire the boston consulting group to help you with your strategy . . . and what do you get ? hardball answers that question indirectly through sharing classic strategies for achieving competitive and economic advantage employed by bcg clients . as a result , i think this book will be most appealing to mbas thinking about working for bcg and potential clients who want to get a sense of what the outcome might be like . for those who are well read in business strategy , this book will be a disappointment . it focuses on very little you have n't read or thought about many times before . skip this book if you are in this category . the strategies discussed include overwhelming competitors with superior resources ( frito-lay versus eagle snacks ) , adjusting to take advantage of what customers want more of ( more variety and better delivery from wausau papers ) , threatening competitors ' sources of profits ( japanese auto makers go after the big 3 's positions in minivans and suvs in north america ) , copy and improve on better business models ( batesville casket applies automotive manufacturing techniques ) , encourage your competitor to retreat ( attack the bottom of the market first in low margin categories and move up ) , refocus your business model on one set of advantages ( carmax ) , acquire others to build your strengths while making competitors more vulnerable ( masonite international ) , and change the nature of competition ( get to low-cost sourcing earlier than competitors , secure low-cost assets sooner and play the wal-mart card carefully ) . the overall metaphor for the book has its problems . if you play to win , you are playing hardball . al dunlap ( author of mean business ) was a hardball guy , but it did n't pay off at sunbeam . if i read past the words in the book , the concept they authors are advancing is one of being unrelenting in developing a strategy that creates a virtuous cycle of ever-expanding resources and advantages while creating a vicious cycle for competitors of ever-decreasing resources and advantages . " keep ' em down " would have been a more accurate title for the book . you will find scant information in the book about newer types of strategies , new forms of technology and new business paradigms . this book is about " rock ' em , sock ' em " competition among the industrial giants of the world . i worked as a consultant and later as a project manager at bcg in the early 1970s , and i was struck that the kinds of strategies and clients described here have changed almost not at all since then . i do think hardball better captures the classic bcg approach used in the early 1970s than any other book i have read published by the firm or its professional staff . bruce henderson would be proud of you ! from my perspective , i graded the book down for slight inaccuracies in places such as underplaying the legal risks in these strategies ( the authors seem to think scaring off competitors with " signaling " is pretty risk-free ) , misstating some of the cases ( did gm really crush ford 's ability to get investment grade bonds by pushing for zero percent financing ? - - it looks more like mutual suicide to me ) , and praising more than was due in some cases ( the japanese car companies were very late to come into north america with minivans and suvs ) . i also thought the metaphor got in the way of the message . . . rather than enhancing it . 
books pos 986.txt i had a chance to read this book cover to cover . all i can say is & quot ; absolutely outstanding&quot ; , short of calling it a historical masterpiece in the field . very rarely do i encounter an epidemiology or biostatistic textbook that reads so well . it is optimally reader friendly ; the author appears to have such a talent in explaining some most sophisticated epidemiological and statistical concepts in such a simplified language . yet he does not sacrifice the inclusion of some very advanced epidemiological and statistical concepts . new concepts such as causal graphs and instrumental variables are also included and explained beautifully . i strongly recommend this book to all early to intermediate graduate students majoring in epidemiology . established epidemiologists may wish to read this book to refresh and update their knowledge . i hope the author writes more textbooks with the same style 
health pos 846.txt fantastic , a great product , especially considering the price . i love the size . i love that the height is adjustable . it is exactly what i wanted , and i am thrilled with it . 
health neg 758.txt results were never consistent . many " err " readings . i was definitely no satisfied 
software pos 861.txt though it may lack some of the integrated tools of quicken or other financial software , ms money continues to be the best entry level software of its genre and the best value for the money . particularly notable is the ease of integrating it with your on-line banking tools to create a one stop shop for your financial needs 
dvd neg 67.txt leeches is a terrible movie . dude , i have never seen anything so gay in my whole life ( except the director 's other film speed demon ) . when the guys were less clothes than the gals , thats not a good sign . the video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director 's work . they 're all filled with loads of homoeroticism . women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks . the ' roided up leeches enter their " male " victims through anal orrifices . after watching about a half hour of this mess i had to turn it off . why does this guy fool people into renting these movies . i do n't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it 's time to draw the line . no hetro relationships in this one . just the director molesting his male stars with his camera . horrible stuff , stay away from david decoteau 's work and his fifty different aliases ( unless you know what you 're in for ) 
camera pos 295.txt works as great as orignal battery . you will never know the difference except that is a lot cheaper ! 
dvd pos 562.txt 200 american is actually quite pleasantly romantic gay comedy . even though it looks like a no-budget episode of queer as folk or intended to be a gay version of pretty woman , it 's got a pretty good story . it does n't rely on fancy production and lighting or cinematography . most of the actors are straight playing gay roles . i was surprised to learn from the special features material that the entire cast and crew volunteer for this show , something that i can certainly relate to . the acting is acceptable but not great , because most of the actors are not that experienced . i was surprised that there was no production and wardrobe designer ! the movie has some kind of charm about it , perhaps it 's because it 's so sincere and gimmick free , and even the love scenes are very low-key . i was very touched by the romantic plotline between the hustler and his new boss . there is something about a straight guy doing love scene with another male actor , it 's very captivating . sean matic did a good job with his light austrilian accent by the way . it 's worth rental fee for sure . 
health neg 748.txt this straightener is great for thin hair.. . but not for thick . i myself have very thick hair and this straightener usually leaves my hair looking frizzy and very poofy . the best hair straighteners out there are about 1&quot ; thick or less and they normally have glass plates . so if you have thick hair , spend a little more money on something with a lot more quality 
software neg 426.txt comment made by the user after about 30 minutes . begged me never to make him use it again 
books neg 580.txt this is the latest in a never-ending series of books trying to generalize non-business world ( eg. sports , armed forces , girl scouts , religion , nasa , etc. ) management techniques to the business world . most , possibly all , are of little value because of major differences . 1 ) members constituting the varying organizations are motivated differently , and face greatly significantly different situations . what does eg. a fighter pilot or football coach have in common with a pharmicist , nurse , professor , financial analyst , etc. ? i have no idea . 2 ) key success factors vary from one business to another . for merck , it may be speed of developing new drugs , getting through fda approval , and motivating physicians to use them . for nucor steel , it undoubtedly rests much more on low-cost production . again , what does either have to do with fighter pilots - little , if anything . one is better off reading books from similar situations - eg. about wal-mart ( if you are in retailing ) , about allied-signal or g.e. ( if you are managing a conglomerate ) , and about new york community school district #4 , as managed by sy fliegel , if you are in public school 
software neg 581.txt i foolishly purchased 7.0. it worked ok for a few months then just kept hanging up my system . funny , it started hanging up when 7.5 was released . i tried to get " customer support " but that 's a joke . do yourself a favor , do not buy anything from roxio . i 'd given this software negative stars if i could . spend your money elsewhere . 
music pos 296.txt every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please 
dvd pos 85.txt that is what this film meant to me , looking at the kaleidiscope of life as it passes by , so sweet , so unsatisfying at times yet so perfect when the right person is there . this film is a poem to paris and the passing of youth , with the hope of recapturing that one love , which when found engraves itself so deeply that it is like a hinge in the mind , always present , always remembered , always desired . the two lovers meet , seemingly a lifetime away from when they met by chance on a train , and with instant rapport they tell eachother in the space of a few hours everything that happened since they met 10 years earlier . they see how much they meant to eachother , how much they still could , like two pieces of a puzzle that fit . this is a genuinely beautiful film , more mature than the last one , much sadder and in many ways better and more realistic . it opened that sense of mystery that i have known , in life and its surprises and potential in the luck of finding true intimacy . julie delphy is one of those rare women who gets more beautiful as she ages . she has become a sad person , stalled in relationships , though she is living up to her ideals . ethan hawke is struggling to grow with his success , in a down phase of his marriage and needing their friendship very badly . their relationship , so brief , rings totally true , in its humor , commitment , and occasional awkwardness . perhaps this is sentimental , but i think i have known love like this . it is an image more in my mind than the person perhaps , but our friendship is as deep as it was when we met nearly 35 years ago . some people simply pierce thru to the heart , earning a permanent place no matter who they later marry or what they become . it is an extraordinary sympathy for one another that is beyond sex ( well , maybe not too far beyond.. . ) . highest recommendation . this succeeds brilliantly at a snapshot in time , with an entire history implied behind it , like the greatest art . and i do think that the ending is ambiguous and must be interpreted , which is also so very much like real life 
camera pos 9.txt this is one of the four cameras , the only digital camera , i used to learn portrait photography . the class was on how to take portraits not how to use the camera . i wanted to graduate from the point and shoot but had to consider my budget because i wanted an slr film camera also . i got the canon rebel ti packed with two lenses . it made sense to me to purchase a canon digital to interchange lenses . my original choice was the canon digital rebel , however , in my web search , i found the eos 10d for $750 with no catch . there were no required additional purchases scam when i called . this allowed me to spend the extra money i would have spent on the camera on accessories . since it 's digital , i am not shy about trying out the features . when i first got the camera , some of the photos were dark or very light . after tinkering around and learning what the sensor-indicators means i do n't get that anymore . the 10d is more camera than i need that i 'm sure i will have it for a long time . 
music neg 572.txt after two albums of wholly instrumental music , joe satriani apparently decided it was time to start singing . " flying in a blue dream " is the only satriani record with several ( six ) vocal cuts . so how are they ? well , satch 's voice is n't superb , but he does an ok job . the problem really is with the material- - it 's clear he 'd gotten used to writing pieces as guitar features . the only real exception to this in my assessment is frantic electric blues " big bad moon " - - the piece is blazing and explosive , the vocal is passable , and satriani is on fire . but pieces like " ride " , " the phone call " and " strange " are all pretty much forgettable ( well , " ride " is actually a bit too irritating to be forgettable.. . ) . the remainder of the material is a mix between exploratory ( and primarily acoustic ) pieces ( " the feeling " ) which are nice but largley filler and " surfing with the alien " styled instrumentals ( " one big rush " , " back to shalla-bal " ) . the exception is the chugging opener and title track , " flying in a blue dream " , which features satriani at his most lyrical as a guitarist . invariably , the album is a bit too weak for its own good- - it 's probably also a bit too long ( about 65 minutes ) and probably would have benefited from being trimmed down a bit . start with " surfing with the alien " , come back to this if you want more of the same 
health neg 521.txt we bought this at suggestion of our dentist . however , it is difficult to use , extremely messy and the on / off button on handle is difficult to press . we used it a couple of times but have not used it since because of messiness and inconvenience . our neighbors bought the same model , tried to use it a few times and have not tried to use it since for the same reasons we gave . save your money and go back to flossing ! 
music pos 862.txt if you like post modern lounge music , you will like the tracks on this disc . 
software neg 827.txt im going to rate this product a 2 because i like it but i would change a few things if i could . it does show you a lot of chords and how to play properly and all that good stuff . the couple of things i would change is the fact that when they are teaching you a chord , you can play along with the program but its only about 15 seconds , then you have to stop and click play again . i wish there was an option where you could choose to repeat it on its own a few times so you dont have to stop every time to play it again . the other thing is something a little more important . the product has a program where you could go online to down load a lot of songs to play , its called olga . well this website is having legal problems and is not online anymore . so you dont have that option of learning to play your favorite songs from the beetles or metalica or the grateful dead or anyone else , and thats what they advertise " play hit songs " . so overall , knowing all this i would have shopped around more . especially for the price , its defenitly not worth 40-50 dollars when all you get is little 15 second examples on jingle bells and little traditional folk songs . 
dvd pos 970.txt first let me start off by saying this . ken sushi volume 1 is unquestionably the best video guide for making sushi . i have had a chance to see the other guides , and quite frankly they just do n't cut it . poor camera work , and even worse instruction should not be found in a sushi instructional video ( or any culinary instructional video for that matter ) . also , being taught by a sushi enthusiast rather than a professional sushi chef is not going to send a very good message to people who are really serious about learning how to make sushi properly ( people want to learn from someone experienced , not enthusiastic ) . finally we have a video that is taught by a professional in the sushi scene , and he really takes the time to lay out all the techniques he 's developed over the years , so that with a little practice ( and the benefit of not having to take the time ken did to trial and error his methods of perfect sushi creation ) i was actually able to make some really great sushi . the camera work is great ! no shakes or stutters , i did n't find myself distracted by the nuances of poor production quality . truthfully this video is done so well , you will just find yourself immersed in what ken is teaching ( it plays a lot like a chef martin yan instructional video ) . also it seems a lot of time was taken in pre production to really focus the instruction to a degree that it is thorough enough for someone familiar with sushi creation , yet developed enough so that someone completely new to the sushi experience can actually have a fair shot to making a wholesome , delicious dish . if you take the time to watch the video a few times , and practice along with it . you will make sushi good enough to eat , and present to your friends , family ( just utterly show off ) . i 'm just really glad i can finally say there is now a sushi instructional video that i feel was worth every penny of my purchase . if you want to really learn how to make sushi well , then ken sushi volume 1 will be your number one resource . the only negative thing i have to say is where the heck is volume two ? ? ? ? 
dvd neg 405.txt i did n't watch millenium when it was on ten years ago , so i thought i 'd give it a try on dvd , as i 'm a big x-files fan . i watched two shows : " the beginning and the end " and " the dogs " . they were ridiculous and boring . i 'm done with millenium 
dvd pos 381.txt i saw this movie in theaters probably when it first came out in 2001 , but i did n't pay too close attention , because i forgot about it . however , i remembered seeing it in theaters one day when i was browsing the dvd section , and decided to give it another shot at home . i am so glad i did ! leelee sobieski is absolutely gourgeous and did a flawless job with the film . she has a bright future in acting ahead of her . basically what happens is , ruby ( sobieski ) and her brother rhett 's ( trevor morgan ) parents die in a car accident . their parents wished for them to go live with the family 's former neighbors , the glasses , ( who had since moved to malibu ) played by stellan skarsgard and diane lane . needless to say , ruby and rhett 's carefree lives are changed dramatically . rhett falls for all the gifts that the glasses buy for him , but ruby is n't fooled so easily . she begins to suspect that her parents ' death was n't an accident , and starts to investigate . she sees certain things and observes certain behaviors exhibited by the glasses that only make her more suspicious . eventually , she figures out that the glasses are behind the car accident and are now after ruby and rhett 's 4 million dollar fortune that was left to them by their parents . i wo n't give away the rest , but the movie takes you on a roller coaster ride of excitement and suspense that will keep you on the edge of your seat until the last second ! rent it , or better yet , buy it ! it 's well worth your while ! 
software neg 826.txt i have 7 and 9 year old boys that play chess . they are also both very computer savy . i bought this program to buff up their chess playing skills and stategy , but they say they find it boring and do n't think it has anything to do with playing chess because the game pieces and boards look nothing like the traditional game pieces . the characters are very difficult to identify and confusing , they are cartoon renditions dressed up in costumes . i 'd save your money and look for a better chess program or get your child involved in an actual chess club 
books neg 944.txt i was eager to read this book only to find it a terrible dissapointment . one would think that a ' scholar ' such as he would have at least a basic understanding of the hebraic roots of judeo-christianity . it was obvious that he clearly was clueless to the known messianic signs spoken of in the gospels . he is also clueless to the pharisidical judaism of the time..not comprehending that all of christ 's teachings were completely in keeping with true judaism . all of which can be found in contemporary rabbinical teachings of his time . this book , which some unfortunate readers will swallow as truth will only continue to propagate a backward understanding of the gospels . like it or not..the new testament writings are hebraic and explain what fulfilled judaism is . those who need to divorce judaism from christianity are offering a church which is already confused , just more confusion . it is through studying the hebraic roots that we even begin to understand the ' difficult ' sayings of our lord ; ' fullfillment of the law ' , binding and loosing ( the law ) ..etc as well as the parables . the delivering of the deaf mute..was a messianic sign , because the rabbi 's knew that ' they ' had to ask the said demon its name but he did not . lazerus 's resurrection was a messianic sign because the rabbi 's believed that anyone could come back to life during the first ' three ' days after death . cleansing of a leper was messainic sign because the rabbi 's understood that it was a ' divine ' punishment , that only god could lift . how else can we link isa 53 with the ' stripes ' he was to received as part of fulfilling the punishment the law required for transgression , and yet ' minus one' . had our lord transgressed the law , then the jews themselves could have legally killed him . remember paul ( saul ) ? he also does not understand john and his huge part in the whole picture , in that the kingdom ' began ' with john . he was the ' breachmaker ' as fortold in prophecy . this is hebraic roots 101. people , please study the hebraic roots of christianity and do not waste your time with this book . the fact that he keeps defending his position as ' not ' anti-semetic , should give you a clue 
health pos 614.txt these bags are much sturdier and thicker than the gerber bags . you also do n't have to cut the bags open after defrosting / heating them up . amazingly they are cheaper than the gerber bags too ! i 've used them for several months and have n't had one leak yet . but i am pretty careful and store the milk bags flat in tupperware containers in the freezer 
dvd neg 774.txt as a character movie this is largely a failure , unless you find poignancy in " average-ness . " the characters are all one-note half-stereotypes who seem to be sleeping their way through the non-existent plot . " oh , look how average they are ! is n't it charming how they sit around and talk about nothing ? it 's so lifelike ! " and the main character 's seeming inability to be anything other than perfectly angelic at all times makes it awfully hard to sympathize with her . if this is intended to be an issue movie with the message robert ebert has suggested ( that anti-abortion laws are really just a form of discrimination against poor women ) , it 's taking a rather belabored approach just to tell us what anyone with a head on their shoulders already knows . munich and syriana also " bring to light " ideas that are not new or novel or shocking to anyone who cares to be informed and think about the world . perhaps the only thing truly shocking is that movies like this would need to be made to say such obvious things . perhaps next they 'll make a movie to make the point that , shockingly enough , the sky is blue , or that paint dries when applied to walls , or that grass grows . i imagine they 'd be somewhat more interesting than this effort 
books neg 805.txt need i say more than the above title suggests ? okay , so the upside of this book is that it has important life lessons and epiphanies from the voice of experience . there are some touching moments in this book , but even then there is still something the author is lacking . i saw the movie when it was in theatres and i have just finished reading the book . i liked the movie soooooooooo much better than the book . the movie was funny , entertaining , touching , personal , and sad at times . the book did not captivate me at all . i had trouble staying focused . considering beverly donofrio 's credentials- -a bachelor 's degree in english from wesleyan university and a master of fine arts in creative writing- -her quality of writing is very poor . her quality of writing is more like someone who has only a highschool education , if even that . and not to go off topic , but since donofrio has a master of fine arts in creative writing from a top notch school like columbia u , then why does n't she write about something else besides her getting pregnant in highschool and how that has changed her life ? i mean , after all , the mfa is in creative writing , meaning she should be more creative rather than just write autobiographies all the time . she has only wrote 2 books- -riding in cars with boys , and looking for mary , both about her getting pregnant at a young age . if you liked the movie , just leave it at that . do n't bother reading the book unless you enjoy getting disappointed . and if you 're interested in a novel or autobiography about teen pregnancy , then go to the local library . do n't get this one . there 's other novels covering the same subject that are far superior to this one . 
dvd pos 373.txt this film was probably hurt a bit by the fact it had to have its fall 2001 release postponed due to 9 / 11 ( it 's plot included terrorists that sell a bomb ) . i also imagine the marketing was tough since it had to be sold based on tim allen and the comparisons to " get shorty " rather than as a plot driven movie . i tell you though , this film is simply funny . just like an old marx brothers film , the plot is there only to set in motion the quick-witted dialogue and interaction between the characters . i have enjoyed both of dave barry 's humor novels ( this and " tricky business " ) . they made me laugh out loud as did this movie . i think it captures the spirit of the book perfectly . for those that have laughed at dennis farina from his roles in " get shorty and even " snatch , " he has never been funnier as a hit man who encounters unexpected roadblocks ( literally ) on his trip to do a quick sniper job . tom sizemore is also excellent as the dumbest crook you 'll ever see . there are some movies that you may see once in the theaters yet can watch over and over everytime it is on tv because it retains the ability to always make you laugh , no matter how many times you have seen it . check this one out ! 
dvd neg 820.txt synopsis ( including ending ) : don ameche ( gino ) , a chicago shoe shine man , is approached by the mafia to go to jail for " 3 to 5 years " to take the place of their mafia boss accused of murder because he bears a striking resemblance to him . they 'll pay him yearly and satisfy his lifelong dream of fishing on a boat . joe mantegna ( jerry ) takes don ameche ( gino ) on a 3 day vacation to satisfy his every wish before he 's incarcerated . joe mantegna is on probation from the mob , after disobeying orders from a previous job . joe mantegna goes " outside channels " to take don ameche ( gino ) to lake tahoe to the " galaxy " hotel where they stay , wine and dine , and try to have a good time . things turn difficult when a local real mafia boss brings don ameche ( gino ) to his house as a guest and they form a bond . the real mafia boss has a gathering of crime bosses planned and don ameche and joe mantegna are caught in the middle . they escape the gathering and on the day don ameche is brought back to chicago , joe mantegna is ordered to kill don ameche and make it look like a suicide . " it 's cleaner this way.. . " , he 's told . joe mantegna refuses the order , and the film ends with a mafia employee testifying in court and getting sentenced to jail for 20 years to life . the good : joe mantegna is an underrated actor generally and it was nice to see a familiar face in the real mafia boss in lake tahoe . other than that , there 's nothing else going for this one except a slightly funny scene with the concierge . the bad : the mob wants tough guys , right ? this is a comedy , right ? no ones a tough guy and there 's no laughs . joe mantegna plays a sissy instead of a mafia tough guy . don ameche plays a senile acting senior with no personality . i wanted to like this film but i coulde n't because it was very slow , very boring and none of the characters were interesting . we never have a scene with the real mafia boss that looks like don amecha and the two never meet . you would expect a friendly " thanks for going to jail for 3 to 5 years for me " but it does n't happen . at the end someone for the mob is dressed up like the real mafia boss and he 's testifying in court and gets sentenced to jail . he does n't look anything like don ameche or the real mafia boss and yet , he 's right there taking the fall . if the film did n't need to depend on don ameche 's appearance , why did n't they send him to jail from the beginning ? the worst david mamet experience i 've had . very surprising stinker . the characters : if don ameche played a less passive character he would have been more interesting . if joe mantegna showed more conflict as a character with reasons behind them , he would have been more interesting . as the film stands , they 're both flat . don ameche had no personality and his only lines are the ones other characters used . when a character says something , you can be sure don ameche repeats it 30 minutes later like a senile robot . don ameche 's dialogue leaves a lot to be desired . add to that his boring and stale acting in this film . he played very dumb , not interesting , like a real man in crisis about to go to jail for money . overall , joe mantegna was not believable as a mafia hired hand . don ameche was too passive and uninteresting , and joe mantegna is too passive and stale . scene criticism : a couple scenes stand out as being very weak and unrealistic . ( gas station scene where joe mantegna is given $3 more in gas than he asked for ) joe mantegna is working for the mob , and he asks for $1 of gas , and gets $4. he does n't have the cash to pay , and when the gas attendant takes the car keys his reaction is " please , please , please " a real mob guy would punch the gas attendant , take back the keys , and leave for the plane they were late for . a mob guy that wo n't defend himself for $3 ? ( scene with don ameche offered money to go to jail for 3 to 5 years ) don ameche does n't put up a fight or try to leave the room , and is too passive . we do n't learn about his past or his life or family . there 's not enough time spent on the offer , and the scene was over valued for it 's lasting value . ( bedroom scene with joe mantegna trying to let don ameche escape ) joe mantegna had no real connection to don ameche 's character to justify the scene . instead it 's 2 strangers . personal commentary : the test for a comedy for me is - " how many times did i laugh ? " this film never made me laugh . i 'm shocked the film costs $24.99 on dvd . rent it instead . it belongs in the $1 bin at wal-mart . writing criticism : lines like " he 's the guy behind the guy behind the guy behind the guy " and lines like " a big man knows the value of a small coin " and the story about the grasshopper and the ant make no sense . the writing is drivel . alternative recommended film : " trading places " with dan aykroyd and eddie murphy and also don ameche , albeit in a smaller role 
health pos 633.txt if you wonder why you 're feeling lethargic or if you have one of those little abdominal paunches you thought was just advancing age , then you might need probiotic therapy . you might even need it if your resistance to colds is low ! because we live much " cleaner " lives than our ancestors did , sterilizing our dishes , putting our food in the fridge , and spraying pesticides on everything , we live our lives virtually bacteria-free . free of the good bacteria , that is . the baddies seem to still get us , and without the good ones to balance them out , we 're in trouble . a lack of friendly bacteria in your intestines can cause problems throughout your body . to put it in " nice " terms , it 's a little like having backed up plumbing inside you , and the world just ai n't gonna be right until you fix it . i started on probiotic therapy several months ago , and i was amazed at the following things that happened almost immediately : *that little stomach paunch went away . i kid you not . talk about an instant self-esteem booster . *my chronic [men , cover your ears] yeast infections decreased dramatically ( even without my eliminating wheat from my diet , which i know i ought to do ) . *i had more energy and felt more like the me of years ago . *i became more resistant to colds than i used to be . if you 're considering supplementing your diet with probiotics , you should know that not all of them are created equal . in fact , testing done by www.consumerlab.com indicates that the vast majority of probiotic supplements do n't deliver the number of live organisms they claim - - not even close ! those little creatures are very delicate , and things like processing , shipping , and sitting on your shelf can kill them . and let 's not even talk about what your stomach acid does to them . primal defense is one of the few supplements that delivers the amount of probiotics it claims to . ( i can tell from its effects on me . ) in addition , it contains lots of good-for-you green foods that also help build that all-important inner strength . one very important caveat about primal defense , though : because it 's so effective , do n't even think about starting out taking 3 tablets a day ! not unless you do n't mind a lot of abdominal discomfort and are able to spend several days all by yourself at home . i took one a day for about 2 months , and then i finally felt ready to move up to 2. it 'll be at least another month before i 'm up to the recommended 3. one more thing : drink lots of water . you need it anyway , and primal defense works best when you 're well hydrated 
music neg 211.txt metallica never recovered from the death of cliff burton , as this album is prime evidence of . he helped to bring depth to the songs that is not present here . also , newstead only gets one song on this album , which is ironically the best song on the album . in the history of metallica , this album marks the transition from artistic song writing to commercial 
books neg 855.txt while this book is a good attempt at placing statistical topics necessary to toxicology in one spot , the mistakes are inexcusable . many formula are incorrect as well as text referring to the wrong tables or data . therefore , one begins to lose trust in the information presented . be careful if you use this book 
books neg 729.txt i have introduced many of my ell , high school students to lois lowery and the depth of her characters . she is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds . i was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this january . although the series is written for 6th graders and older , this book 's simplicity , in its message , language and writing style will inspire no one . i am sadly disappointed 
music pos 750.txt always loved this group....own several of their cd 's and this is by far my favorite . darryl hall 's phrasing of his songs are superb . 
software pos 478.txt this is a fantastic product . it has endless applications . i absolutly love it 
camera neg 972.txt i 'm giving this a 2 stars only because my daughter also had this camera on her wish list . if not i would of been upset having recieved the wrong camera that i ordered........ . 
books neg 49.txt was not impressed . narrow scoped , personal reflections , applications limited . i also read the male companion book wild at heart and was also not impressed 
health pos 701.txt i 'm a vain , 39 year old male and started using this product ( in combination with another highly regarded anti-wrinkle product ) about three months ago . this daily application replaced a daily application of facial conditioner / moisturizer . i was hoping some barely noticable forehead wrinkles would go away . no such luck . i notice a definite reduction in wrinkle depth in the morning , before i shower , but by mid-day , the wrinkles have returned to their normal state . does this really work ? ! i suppose the only way to truly find out if this stuff works is to use it on only half the face and see the effect over time . in all fairness , i must mention that my face now routinely feels softer and smoother and less oily than before . that 's why i rated this product a four instead of a three . but the frickin ' wrinkles are still there ! let me see all that clinical research all these skin care experts are touting . 
books pos 429.txt i read everything and anything king , he is my favorite author . this short story is interesting but predictible 
health pos 167.txt i rate this piece of equipment as 4 stars because i have not used it enough to know if it does everything it claims....however i have been amazed at how this little contraption does wonders on my back . when i first got this lumbar extender i set up up in about 2 seconds and then stretched backwards to lay on it . omg , as i laid down it was like i could n't even breath for a brief second . to actually feel my back being forced into shape nearly took my breath away as all the muscles were pushed around . i had to relax and it was amazing how sore the muscles in my back were from leaning over my computer at work . having used it for about a month now , my back has started to feel much better and i am sleeping better too 
music pos 668.txt i felt compelled to write a review having read another written by someone who gave it one out of five stars . i felt it a grossly misleading and inaccurate review , so here i am.. . as a musician i could think of nothing more intimidating than attempting to cover a buckley song . their fan bases are fiercely loyal and protective of their material . so first things first i would like to congratulate the artists for their bravery . furthermore a quick glance down the list of performers will quell any suspicions that this is ' just another tribute record cashing in on someone else 's success ' , these are musicians that know what they 're doing . what struck me the most was the variety of voices on this disc ; you have the ethereal whisper of sufjan stevens , sweet folk harmonies of the magic numbers , the lazy drawl micah p . hinson . not only that , but these are great interpretations from the jeff & tim cannon . very inspired and innovative - a beautiful accordion riff on ' grace ' , an irish-jig inflected ' no man can find the war' ...these artists do not desire to replace jeff or tim , they 're merely reuniting us with what they left us - their music . 
camera neg 180.txt 1 year old.. . 3 e18 errors 2 battery erros shipped back for service 4 times ! search the net for e18 before you buy ! 
health neg 619.txt i 'm a huge fan of the pria line , but these are not like the others - they are heavier and a little grainy . i do n't hate them , but will not buy them again . the flavor is pretty good though , just not what i was expecting . i highly recommend the pria 110 calorie line - the vanilla is my favorite but the peanut butter and others are close behind . thank 
health neg 928.txt i will never purchase another neutrogena product , again . there products are dangerous ! ! ! it burned my face . my face is all red , swollen , red , irritated , and itchy . my new best friend is cortizone 10 , the anti itch cream . it 's been a week since i stopped using netrogena , and i still look horrifying ! ! ! ! perfect for halloween , right ? but , halloween is over , and i still look scary . this product has aged me ! ! ! it has caused a ton of wrinkles from where the skin is puffy and swollen . never , again , neutrogena ! ! ! 
software pos 699.txt this software offers simple and easy to use way of getting ones affairs in order 
books neg 418.txt i have read baldacci 's first four novels and have immensely enjoyed all of them . this one , however , is just awful . not only the character 's dialogue but even the story itself is written like a really bad detective movie . the only thing i can think of to compare it to is this : there was a series of calvin and hobbes cartoons where calvin imagines himself as a private detective and they are written like the old detective shows , with lame lines like " the gun was loaded , and so was i " . that is exactly what this book is like , except it goes on for 400 pages . there is n't a single interesting character in this book , in my opinion . you just have to slog your way through the book to get to the end . it 's the bataan death march of novels . i hope this is an aberration - i 'll certainly give him another try since the first four novels that i read were so good . but one more stinker like this one and i 'll drop his name from my reading list 
books neg 912.txt never in my life have i been so outraged by what i have read as by the drivel spouted by dr. west in this book ( in his translator 's note ) , and by the use of ` unponderingly ' and " the thinkery " ( among other things ) in his translation of the clouds . i also read his translation of plato 's apology of socrates , and found it grossly inferior to jowett . four texts on socrates is not a book to be tossed aside lightly : it should be hurled with great force . ( apologies to dorothy parker . ) not only are the translations themselves inexcusably inept , almost everything that he writes in his translator 's note is wrong . the clouds is a play , not a scientific or mathematical treatise . as such , it has characters and dialogue . a ` modern ' translation of a play must be something that could be presented on a stage and make sense to a ` modern ' audience . if a character is supposed to be bizarre or out of the ordinary , one does not make him spout drivel such as ' unponderingly ' ; one gives him a ` shtick ' , which is a theatrical term . it 's more or less a running gag associated with a particular character . you create , through clever ways of speaking or odd ways of stringing his words together , a characterization . he could be made to speak like a parody of william f . buckley or the star wars character yoda . as it stands , west 's text cannot be presented as a play . it is neither necessary nor useful to coin such nonsense as ' unponderingly ' ; indeed , it is inexcusable . it conveys neither humor nor cleverness . it comes off simply as stupid . the translator of a play must know something about theatre and drawing characters , which dr. west obviously does not . to state it bluntly : the translation of plays should be left to people who understand theatre and characterization , and who are creative . dr. west does n't have a creative bone in his body . in regard to his translation of plato 's the apology of socrates , the translation by dr. west is both original and good , but the parts that are good are not original , and the parts that are original are not good . after all , when one has the work of such a brilliant predecessor as benjamin jowett to follow , the temptation to do something entirely different is strong . but it must be resisted . if dr. west had merely lightly revised jowett 's great work , he would have made a contribution to learning . alas , he did neither . the version by jowett is clearly superior . here is a short excerpt : " and i must beg of you to grant me a favor : if i defend myself in my accustomed manner , and you hear me using the words which i have been in the habit of using in the agora , at the tables of the money-changers , or anywhere else , i would ask you not to be surprised , and not to interrupt me on this account . for i am more than seventy years of age , and appearing now for the first time in a court of law , i am quite a stranger to the language of the place ; and therefore i would have you regard me as if i were really a stranger , whom you would accuse if he spoke in his native tongue , and after the fashion of his country : am i making an unfair request of you ? never mind the manner , which may or may not be good ; but think only of the truth of my words , and give heed to that : let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly . " compare west 's inept version : " ...i do very much beg and beseech this of you : if you hear me speaking in my defense with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak both in the marketplace at the money-tables , where many of you have heard me , and elsewhere , do not wonder or make a disturbance because of this . for this is how it is : now is the first time i have come before a law court , at the age of seventy ; hence i am simply foreign to the manner of speech here . so just as , if i really did happen to be a foreigner , you would surely sympathize with me if i spoke in the dialect and way in which i was raised , so also i do beg of you now ( and it is just , at least , as it seems to me ) : leave aside the manner of my speech- -for perhaps it may be worse , but perhaps better- -and instead consider this very thing and apply your mind to this : whether the things i say are just or not . for this is the virtue of a judge , while that of an orator is to speak the truth . " " speaking...with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak " ? how utterly inept and repetitive ! did n't he even proof-read ? one does n't speak with ' speeches ' , one speaks with words ! it is obvious that dr. west never read his version aloud as a test of its appropriateness , which is surprising , because this work is supposed to be a speech . dr. west 's version is clearly not suited to speaking aloud , whereas jowett 's is . in west 's translation , socrates is a clumsy , repetitive , and inept speaker . needlessly so . if you want to read a good translation , see jowett 's 3rd edition ( 1892 ) . why does dr. west believe himself qualified to make translations ? nothing in his work suggests that he is competent in any way to do so . this is not the work of a scholar , but that of a bungling hack . these translations are travesties . how does work this nauseatingly bad get published ? not recommende 
health pos 805.txt omgosh i cannot tell you how much i love this straightener . it makes my hair so soft its like baby bottom soft or when u sand wood for a really really long time . i love it . i use it everymorning. . at night i use the wet setting to dry off my hair and then in the mroning i finish it off with the dry settting . but i also use sunsilk pink bottle 24 / 7 creme . its an absolute must-have . to the person who gave it one star. . maybe yours was a defect . im sure everyone else who has rated it so far loved it . did you straighten it section by section ? it doesnt work if you do it all at once . i recommend this straightener ! its not that expensive and also makes a great christmas gift . looks nice too . enjoy 
camera neg 412.txt we bought this camera thinking that it would be our do-all " eurocam " for an upcoming trip to europe . it promised a sufficient range of performance and features to easily meet our needs on such a trip . sadly , the camera is not up to filling this role . we will need to take another camera along with it . however , we will take the v705 for its wide-angle lens , the reason that we picked this model in the first place . it is this disparity between the advertised and actual capabilities of the camera which prompts me to contribute this review . the need for a true wide-angle lens is both a sufficient and a necessary condition for buying this camera . if you do not need a 23mm lens , or if you do not know if you need a 23mm lens , then you do not need this otherwise mediocre p&s ( point and shoot ) camera . good : fairly decent 23mm wide-angle lens ; the 23mm is the default lens ; rapid start-up time ; internal focus and zoom ; chromatic aberration well controlled ; can use 4gb cards ; freeze-frame and extract any video frame . mediocre : soft images ; perceptible shutter lag ; slow shot-to-shot times ; exposure compensation is easy , but steps are too small for digital , and is reset when camera turned off ; flash does not come close to covering the 23mm ; image numbering basically limited to 4 digits ; flimsy construction ; no manual controls ; no raw format ; no optical viewfinder ; histogram on display , but too small to be useful . bad : the absolute worst menu system to be found on a camera ; excessive and unadjustable jpeg compression ; poor battery life with very expensive external charger and spare battery ; unacceptable visual noise starting at asa-400 ; forced in-camera stitching of panoramic images , with inability to save the individual panoramic shots ; panoramic component images forced to 5mp ; overlays for panoramic and delete modes are so dark they obscure the underlying image ( even with display on ` bright ' ) ; mpeg-4 video compression gives very poor results . synopsis : if you need a 23mm lens in a point and shoot , this , and the older v570 , are the only choices . if most of your images are in bright light , the 7mp v705 gives better images . if most images will be in low light , the older , cheaper , 5mp v570 is the better choice . the camera seems very fragile . treat it gently and you will likely be happy with the wide-angle performance . if you chose this as your sole camera , you will likely be unhappy with your choice . the only reason to buy this camera is for the wide-angle lens . = = = = = some expanded comments = = = = = twenty-three mm wide-angle fixed-focus lens . this lens has almost decent optical quality ; though the camera 's processing still produces overly-compressed and soft images from it . on power-up the 23mm is the initially active lens , which is ideal for us . however , considering that this is truly a specialty lens , it would make more sense that the ` normal ' lens should be the default . best would be a menu setting to allow selection of the boot-up lens . better yet would be a camera with only the 23mm lens . the camera does have firmware wide-angle distortion correction . this works fairly well , at the cost of even more image softness , but even-so , barrel distortion is noticeable to a degree that is not present in actual 35mm-film camera wide-angle lenses of similar focal length . this in-camera correction can be turned off . doing so allows one to see the marginal native lens performance . however , being able to turn off distortion correction exemplifies for me how poorly thought out this camera is . the only people who would wish to do this are those who are exploring the artistic limits of the camera - and they would seem better served by the camera having such basics as : manual settings , a physically larger sensor chip , raw image files , or , at least , a choice of degree of jpeg compression . at the other end of the camera 's focal length the 114 / 117mm performance shows slightly below average image softness with average pincushion distortion . there are very few circumstances where one would want to use ` digital zoom ' , so , as with all digicams , the claimed maximum telephoto length is completely bogus . after reaching optical zoom limits , one is much better off doing any further ' zooming ' in an editing program . kodak 's advertised " 5x optical zoom " is , at best , misleading . actually , it is just flat out untrue . the camera has two lenses . the only lens that can be optically zoomed is the 39-114mm lens , which is not quite 3:1. the wide angle lens has a fixed focal length . ( note , in some places kodak claims 39-114 , in others 39-117 optical zoom . ) also misleading is the claimed " anti-blur technology . " as best i can tell from looking at the images , and at the exif metadata , all this actually means is that at some given shutter speed the camera boosts the asa . certainly there is no optical image stabilization technology in this camera . speaking of asa . this is an opportune time to address the camera 's incredibly poor menu system . it is byzantine : being both awkward and time consuming to use . to adduce , ` auto ' asa ranges from 50-200 , to set a faster ( or to lock in at a slower ) sensitivity rating requires going through multiple menu levels . to change from ` auto ' to the next fastest ( 400 ) requires 11 manipulations of 2 controls ! on either of the other two p&ss which we will be taking along it requires 4 pushes on 1 control . the menu system is next to unusable in the field . still on asa settings , the camera does have sensitivities up to asa / iso 1000 ( though the manual only documents asas up to 800 , 1000 is available on the camera ) . unless your shot is of a once-in-a-lifetime , will never-happen-again moment , then 200 is the max asa tolerable before noise in the shadows becomes annoying . at 400 the entire image suffers from noise and is not really useable for any print larger than 4x5 " . the previous version of this camera , v570 , had only 5mp , but the same sensor size . by increasing the pixel count , but not the physical size of the sensor , the new v705 camera actually has more low-light digital noise than its predecessor . this has happened with many of the current p&s cameras , as the makers advertise pixel count as a measure of image quality . my initial experience with low-light high asa use of this camera is that you might as well set the capture size to 3 mp , as the larger files have only marginally better printing capability because of the severe noise artifact . another approach to dealing with the sensor noise is to use one of the commercially available products which , when calibrated to the sensor in the camera , allows the subtraction of much of the internally generated noise . doing so does allow for semi-adequate 8x10 " prints at asa 800. if one really wants to get carried away , combining the preceding with any of the image stacking programs designed for astrophotography ( where dozens / hundreds / thousands of images are averaged together ) makes 8x10 's at asa 1000 doable . people willing to undertake these manipulations likely do not fit kodak 's target market . back to earth . the v705 's still-image quality is below average for this generation of 7mp p&s cameras . mostly i believe this is because of the overly aggressive jpeg compression , which is not adjustable ( e.g. ` best ' , ` good ' , etc ) . my guess is that a compression setting of 30-40 is being used . this results in small files , with a lot of compression artifact . the 7mp jpegs from this camera are about 1.2-1.5mb in size , those from another 7mp p&s i have are 5-6mb . my 6mp prosumer digital slr jpegs are 8-10mb . the more the compression , the worse the image . most cameras allow the user to pick the trade-off point . kodak picks it for you , and picks poorly . the v705 's video performance is very disappointing . it uses mpeg-4 compression , and at very aggressive compression settings . unless it is a video of your baby 's first steps , or aliens landing in the backyard , you will likely find it hard to watch . the total output datastream is about 0.5 mbs . compare this with a minidv tape video datastream of 25 mbs ( total , adding sound , error correction , and time codes , is 36 mbs ) . better to have stuck with mpeg-2 which would give less compression , but decent enough ( tv quality ) videos . that is the choice that most manufactures have made . as a result , the videos from my other p&ss have about a 2 mbs datastream , and so are of much better quality . the battery . kodak 's claim is 150 still images per charge . i am getting 100-120 , with minimal use of flash and the lcd on ` energy saver' . even 150 would be poor , compared with my other digital p&ss , where i expect at least 200 , and often get 250+ if i am at all careful with power-management . this camera has a proprietary ( and hard to remove ) 720 mah battery . my ( several ) other , p&ss have 790-1120 mah batteries , and , i suspect , more efficient processors . since we are only going to be using this camera for wide-angle , the battery will likely last most of a day . we have not bought an external charger and backup battery because the cost is about 25% the cost of the camera . though the body is of aluminum , the camera itself is overall fragile and i doubt will hold up more than a year or two . the battery and media doors do not appear to have been designed for actual repeated use ; there is no cover for the charge socket . the media door often dislodges open . truly , my belief is that kodak designed this camera with the thought that these doors would never be used : that the camera would spend its life simply being taken in and out of the ( not included in this model ) " easyshare " dock system . this would also explain the relatively large amount of built in memory , and the overly aggressive jpeg compression . shutter lag , the bte noire of digital cameras , is very evident with this model . i do not have any method of actually measuring the time between pressing the shutter , and the image being recorded . however , based on over 50 years of tripping shutters , it clearly varies , and i estimate is , at best 1 / 4 second , up to a bit over 1 / 2 second . in addition to the shutter lag , there is a perceptible lag in the lcd viewfinder screen showing what is in front of the lens . together this makes the capture of a fleeting moment , an active child at a particular instant , or a wary animal almost impossible . the shutter lag is much more evident than in same-generation / price p&s cameras from other makers . the accompanying ` manual ' is poorly organized , childishly written . " finish reading this book , so you can take and share your best pictures ! " at best , it was written for 8 year olds . the manual does make reference to a web-address where one can download the ` full manual ' , however the address given is incorrect . when eventually found , the manual is better than the one enclosed with the camera - in that it contains some information that one could not figure out oneself - but it also is written at no more than a fourth grade level . panoramics , one of the advertising points of the camera , are another disappointment . basically the way it works is that 2 or 3 images can be taken in ` panoramic mode ' , each subsequent shot is overlain by a thin strip of the preceding image , in order to allow alignment . as with most ` panoramic modes ' focus and exposure is locked on the first image . so far , this is all ok ; however , it rapidly goes downhill . first , the max image size of the individual shots is limited to 5 ( not 7 ) mp . next , the image overlay is so dark that , even with the lcd set at max brightness , it is difficult to see through the mask to align the elements . however , it gets worse . the images must be joined in-camera ! the individual images cannot be stored ! in-camera processing is very slow and very battery hungry . aligning the overlaps on a grainy 1.5x2 " lcd in the field gives , in spite of the camera 's best efforts , much poorer results than aligning them on a much bigger , and higher quality , computer display in the comfort and controlled lighting of your home . the best way to take panoramas with this camera is to use a lightmeter to determine exposure for each segment , and then simply take the appropriate series of images as 7mp single-stills , making exposure compensation adjustments based on your light-meter readings . of course , my smallest lightmeter is almost as large as this camera , so we will not be dragging it along . you can eyeball the needed ec close enough that should be able to match the exposures up in production . much better if the v705 allowed the individual images to be saved . reading back through this review , i see that it is mostly negative . this makes sense , for , as i disclosed at the beginning , it was my disappointment in this camera 's actual vs advertised capability which led me to write the review in the first place . likely i have said all that needs to be said . so i will just close by mentioning that the only reason we did not send the camera back is because of the wide-angle lens . except for this unique lens , the camera 's performance and ease of use is below that of similarly priced p&s cameras currently on the market . if you need a true wide-angle p&s , you need this camera . otherwise forget it 
software pos 547.txt abobe hits one out of the park . i find adobe software clunky and hard to use . while i understand that the more flexibility you want the more complex the program but photoshop and indesign have learning curves that are steeper than mount everest . i expected lightroom to be the same - an excellent program with a huge learning curve . well it is and it is n't which it why lightroom is such a pleasure to use . i do n't know what adobe is thinking in creating this gem of a program but the team who designed it are collective geniuses . for they have taken a complex and sometimes frustrating chore and for lack of better words made it gentle and pleasing . the program makes spending time with your photographs actually enjoyable . lightroom is fabulous from look and feel to functionality . the strength is not only in the photo management portion of the program but also in the strong photo developing functions that can turn an ok photo into an amazing one . if you do anything with photographs buy this program . you wo n't regret it 
camera neg 863.txt i had high hopes for this battery for my nikon camera . it promised more mah than the oem battery that came with the camera . unfortunately , it must be leaking electrons all over the place , since a charge in this model does not compare to the original . i would guess that the charge lasts half the life of the original nikon battery . the price was cheap and you get what you pay for . if you are going to purchase this one , get two since you 'll need to keep one charging while using the other . cheers 
health pos 780.txt i was skeptical about this product but tried it anyway . it does work and it does eliminate the dip in the middle our mattress had formed . this has given our mattress a little more life so it will last a little longer until it 's time to give in and buy a new one 
dvd pos 167.txt amazon.com made sure i received my items in time . above receiving the movie in excellent condition , the movie is entertaining and reminds you what real acting is . 
health neg 345.txt i purchased this prior to surgery thinking it would be great for recovery . however , the " nature sounds " only worked the first time i turned it on . after that , despite changing batteries , etc. , the sounds never came back again . i would n't recommend this purchase 
dvd neg 446.txt way too expensive for a low quality product . the clarity of the picture is poor . there is not enough content to justify the price . i do n't recommend it at all . i feel i 've been cheated 
health neg 929.txt these are the bulkiest , leakiest diapers i 've ever used ! even though they do n't have bleach , there is still tons of pesticide used in cotton production - plus , these are n't even made from recycled materials 
camera neg 130.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
dvd neg 858.txt take some talented actors and put them in an age old story of smart kids versus dumb adults and you get more of the same . really , is this the type of movie we want to pawn off on our kids ? they deserve better . the key point of this movie is that lying is bad . good point . a device used to bring out the truth is creative pranks . also good . unfortunately , the pranks fall flat as they are totally implausible ( even kids will have a hard time believing a man ca n't tell he 's been dyed blue until he looks in the mirror ) , and since they are the device used to bring the movie to its conclusion , the entire thing falls flat . making films for children is a fine thing . they should n't be dumbed down or even given an uncritical eye just because they are for children , however . quite honestly , i 'd rather have a kid watch something like " good will hunting " before this . do n't waste your children 's time with this film . read them a book ... a good book ... instead 
software neg 771.txt the software installation is buggy . it try 's to download the entire installation from the snapstream web site , even though there is a installation disk included . if your web connection fails the installation trashes your system and you will need to reinstall windows . i have windows xp sp2 with a flakey internet connection . although i am computer literate , after two attempts to install this product i have chucked the whole thing out the window . p.s. snapstream has no tech service department to speak of 
dvd neg 902.txt firstly i must say how much i dislike jennifer lopez so attempting to watch this movie has been a struggle since it was first released however i decided to brave it out for the sake of ralph fiennes . lopez plays a maid who falls for a guy who has loads of money ( fiennes , who is miscast , really ) he thinks she is a guest in the hotel , she plays along . so she lies about herself for the rest of the movie and when all is revealed , it comes to a ridiculous ending . there 's not much else to say to this cinderella movie , except maybe that it 's not funny . lopez is n't a great actress , she and fienness have about as much chemistry as a toothbrush in a toiletbowl 
health neg 456.txt these hair topia pills are nothing but garbage ! pure nonsense ! trust me , i know this because i used to buy them . i first bought these pills last year in june 2005 after hair formula 37 's unsuccessful promise of producing longer and stronger hair in the four months of usage . well , these pills were not as expensive as the previous brand mentioned , and had promised also to change dry and brittle hair to long and healthy , and it did absolute nothing . i said to myself , like hair formula 37 , that maybe i just need to give this more time , so i bought a 2-month supply and gave it 3 months in all and there was no difference at all . this product might just work for others , which it has , but it certainly did n't work for me . i must admit that i brought this on myself , as my mother warned me not to buy these ridiculously expensive pill since they do nothing for hair that grows naturally anyway , and that if you really want to get hair pills then just buy them a whole lot cheaper in regular stores like giant or even hair vitamins in the damn dollar store ! these hair growth pills are too damn expensive , so when you are paying all of that money then you expect it to work . the fact that it does not is infuriating because $39.99 + $7 in shipping , with a total of a little over $46 , is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing . thus , i am here to warn others not to waste their precious money . and if you are going to , please do n't do it on this site-you can buy this product a little cheaper at hairboutique.com . 
software neg 381.txt after over a year and a half including renewing for updates i 've now discarded norton sw 2006. it was problamatic and a waste of money . it conflicts with partition magic another symantec product and will not work with many ms updates . my system is now operating trouble free since i 've uninstalled nsw . previously my computer was eratic and crashed frquently 
music neg 74.txt this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good . 
camera neg 540.txt i got for christmas , it was easy to use but only lasted 1 day then the screen does not turn on , , , stay away from this one ! 
software pos 261.txt simple and great video editing software considering it is for the normal and home user . i would say it is the beginner to intermediate user tool . i can really create fast movies very quickly . pros : easy to install easy to split / edit home videos compatible with ilink support for high definition hdv camcorders competitive price cons : user interface can be confusing at the beginning to understand and placement of workspace windows . rendering is slow . 
camera neg 138.txt you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality 
health neg 686.txt what a waste of money . not only was it just average in size but it was made of incredibly flimsy , really cheap plastic . 
music neg 158.txt i 've never been a fan of metallica . i like ride the lightening , master of puppets , and that 's it . that 's the extent of my enjoyment with their abilities . however , if there is one quality i 've always admired in metallica , it is their lyrics . they 've always had excellent lyrics in their songs , and that was what got me to keep buying albums . however , i ca n't credit them for any lyrics on this one . unfortunately , we 're dealing with a bunch of covers . some of the songs are pretty good . the only one i can say i really like is turn the page , though seger 's original version is leaps and bounds ahead of it . it 's got decent music , and the vocals are n't bad . metallica just could n't figure out how to honor a classic , and they occasionally sounded like james was trying to lift a thousand pounds while he sang , leading his voice to sound overly forced . other songs , like killing time , were not spared on this album . unlike with turn the page , metallica did n't even do a halfway decent job covering this . they destroyed a pretty good song . and to be honest , metallica 's guitarist just ca n't compete with sweet savage 's ( vivian campbell ? ? ) . tuesday 's gone was also destroyed . it was too slow and acoustic , but not in the good way it was in the skynyrd original . in this case , james ' voice was terrible . it sounded like he was bleeding the entire time and trying to ignore it . that is , at least , the effect i get from it . overall , if you 're a die hard fan , you wo n't like this . it just does n't have what metallica did have for songs back with ride the lightening and master of puppets . if you 're just looking for some metallica , you might as well get this . as long as you are just a small fan , and not a huge one . otherwise , this may come as a dissapointment 
music pos 445.txt this record is one of the best that has found its way out since the new millenium . i am partial to good songwriting and bill 's particular folk-country-alt-emotive sound . the tracks to me all over the place and take it from someone who has been there and back -it was well worth the trip 
camera neg 240.txt it worked fine the first week . then the focus stopped working . i sent it to repair . it worked well for a couple of weeks and then the focus stopped working . i sent it for repair for the second time . it worked well for a couple of weeks and then stopped working . also , it is impossible to contact the repair center or the customer relation center at sony ! ! ! they make you wait over an hour ! ! ! si if you want a camera for two of three weeks this is probably what you are looking for ! ! ! sony repair reference number : e3317596 
software pos 769.txt i ca n't believe this application . i bought it last year and i have 200 pages completed . i can truthfully say that i will never scrapbook the traditional way from this moment on . so fast and easy ! i will be all up to date with my scrap booking for x-mas ' 05. i am overjoyed . i do n't believe i know anyone who scrapbooks traditionally anymore ! thanks for simplifying my life 
health pos 916.txt i am a foot reflexologist and i highly recommend this product . it is very helpful in working the reflexes on the bottom of the feet 
camera pos 233.txt excellent choice to make a great job . 
camera neg 397.txt i have an r717 camera . i bought the dock too . each one comes with a battery and the batteries look identical . hp labels both as an r07 battery but the l1812a has squared edges running logitudinally and this feature makes it very difficult to remove from the camera . the other battery is the l1812b and is identical in every way except its edges are rounded and that makes enough difference to allow it to easily slide out of the camera . i bought a " clone " battery ( not hp ) and its edges are rounded too . maybe hp could explain the difference . just thought you would like to know 
camera pos 336.txt canon makes a great underwater housing for a reasonable price . i purchased this for a recent trip to grand cayman and cozumel . i did n't go scuba diving on this trip , but i did take the camera snorkeling ( diving to depths ~20ft ) . it worked flawlessly and i got some pictures i was very happy with ! one thing i did not anticipate was the use the camera got out of the water . going from ac to the hot humid outdoors , my eos rebel fogged up ( condensation ) and even after 30 minutes i could n't take good pictures . with the sd110 in the uw housing , i just wipped the housing 's glass portal with a lens tissue after it had warmed up a couple of minutes and i was able to take clear pictures . the instructions are pretty good , but it took me a while to figure out how to take out the o-ring seal for cleaning / lubing . once i figured it out , it was n't so hard . the sd110 may be getting a little old , but it still takes decent pictures and even with the housing i do n't have so much money tied up in the system that i would be devestated if it was lost or stolen . i will probably upgrade to the sd550 or sd500 ( they both use the same batteries as the sd110 ) with the wp-dc80 or wp-dc70 housing at some time in the near future , but i will definitely keep the sd110 and wp-dc10 as backups 
health pos 734.txt this is a great value - probably one of the best shower heads i 've used . yes - there are better ones for $100+ , but this is absolutely amazing 
dvd neg 259.txt i hate lawyers . what is a lawyer , anyway ? basically : it 's a telemarketer in a decent suit , a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset , only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb . shakespeare said it first and best : " first , let 's kill all the lawyers ! " . former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one : " get all the lawyers in a room- --and shoot ' em ! - --in the mouth , so you *can't * miss ! " exactly . anyway , " the firm " is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting , so i was probably all amped up to despise it . but not really : back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance , back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater , i briefly considered going into law : briefly , for about an hour . it was a desperate time , and i needed money . why did i consider walking hell 's highway , if only for an instant ? because john grisham , boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer , a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set , made it all sound pretty damned funky ( and lucrative ! hey , dig that bmw 7 series , baby , beep beep ! ) in his engrossing little novel " the firm " : granted , i 've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes , but it held my attention . i mean , seriously : you 're 19 , and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool . and strippers , man , plenty of strippers . oh , and did someone mention a bmw ? what 's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. now it 's true : grisham writes like kim jong il sings , but- --in " the firm " , anyway- --he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace , from the pedestrian- --hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm- --to the pretty damned atrocious , all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense , suffocating sense of malice . grisham , like michael crichton , is n't a prose genius : he 's not even mediocre . but he writes for film , and " the firm " cried out for cinematic treatment . so it 's baffling that , with all the right stuff- --tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere , gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic ) senior partner , and sydney pollack helming it up- --that the big-screen treatment of " the firm " is such a yawner . talk about contempt of court . pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen . at its guts , really , " the firm " was really nothing more than the big career nightmare : i 've bet the farm on this gig , i 'm getting big money , i 'm working like a fiend , my wife is having trouble remembering my name , and evidently i 'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients- --i 'm doing money laundering for the mob . pollack just mangles the whole thing , convolutes the simple , and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning . casting is part of the problem : cruise does his thing , running around memphis with his briefcase . hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze : " the firm " is all funny-wrinkles when he 's onscreen , but hey , a man can only do so much . jeanne tripplehorn ( cruise 's squeeze ) , who plays lara san giacomo when she 's not playing tripplehorn ( seriously , google the two of ' em : astounding ! ) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes . wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm 's security chief : too bald , too cracker , too rotund , too silly , too low-end , to do the role justice . holly hunter is even worse : hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy , which is baffling , given that she 's about 3'8 , and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah . it does n't help that she 's a big , ugly southern stereotype , the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be . you want her to die : she doesn't . pollack wants us to think she 's clever and funny . she isn't . ed harris , i think , is in this movie . so is hal holbrook , which kinda ruins everything , because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you 're dealing with a bunch of friggin ' crooks . anyway , the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance , deus ex machina , of paul sorvino ( don morolto- --what kind of goombah name is dat , anyway ? somebody call tony soprano ! ) , who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous . if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours , by all means belly up to the bar . otherwise , case dismissed . js 
camera neg 625.txt this is a good example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners against . the first red flag is the ridiculously high maximum magnification of over 700x . do you know what you will see at 700x in this scope ? nothing but a dim blur . note that the objective ( main ) lens is 60mm . all telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good . the finder is useless , smaller than the bare minimum size of 6x30. finding anything but the moon will be time-consuming and frustrating . the low power 20mm eyepiece may or may not be usable on the scope , depending on its design and field of view . that the design information is not given in the ad is disturbing . and do n't even think of using the 4mm ( high power ) eyepiece or the barlow . i do not recommend equatorial mounts for beginners . their tracking properties are primarily for astrophotography , and for this they require careful setup . the equatorial mount on this scope is provided primarily as a marketing gimmick to impress nave buyers with its complex " scientific " appearance . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on amazon ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope . 
books neg 273.txt i 'll put my opinion first , so there wo n't be any doubt in your mind . i do n't believe that you can write useful books about national character . is there really such a thing as & quot ; national character&quot ; ? people are just too different , too unpredictable . how well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? how well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? would every italian , if they could write well , have written the same book as mr. barzini ? i seriously doubt it . so what we have in the italians is one man 's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million italians . after reading it , i felt even more strongly that such books , though possibly entertaining , are a waste of time . an informative book about unicorns- -but do they exist ? anthropologists have been concerned , for many years , in getting the & quot ; inside view&quot ; - -the view of a culture as seen by the person within it . while barzini is indisputable italian , he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign visitors , then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there , why they are as visitors see them , or why they are not as foreigners may think . this is not a successful gambit . cultures are based on many general factors- -like history , socio-economic patterns , religion , family , etc.- --but the specific results are just that , specific . barzini covers many topics- -the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality ; the family vs. the state ; italian modes of achieving success ; the north-south split ; sicily and the mafia ; and last , the tragedy of italy 's long domination by foreigners . but nothing really connects . there are only superficial , scattered impressions , nothing very concrete to grasp . the reader is left with a handful of stereotypes . barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history . these sections were well-written and interesting . but his portrayal of italian & quot ; character&quot ; is fuzzy , contradictory , and ultimately , unconvincing . finally , if you are a lover of lists , you will thrill to this book , because there is a list on nearly every single page . myself , i got pretty tired of those lists . if you want to know something useful about italy , read another book . if you just want entertainment , which might support any stereotypes you have about italians , then this book could be for you 
health pos 801.txt if you do n't like getting attention , these are not for you . i 'm often surprised by people 's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off ; i 'm so accustomed to pulling them apart , that i forget how unusual the viewing public finds it . i have been wearing clics for nearly a year . i pretend that i do n't need glasses , but of course i do and have for nearly a decade . popped the standard diopter lenses out , and put in my bifocal prescription . it worked great , despite a warning from my optical shop . ( and even if they had broken from the experiment , the price is right : i could try it again . ) previously i was wearing glasses on a chain . besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer , i also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching . then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break . i call the color of mine " magenta " - which may or may not be the same as the online " red " - i bought them in a shop ( **gasp** ) . my short hair is not a problem , but i agree that reading in bed does n't work . so i use a different pair for those occasions 
books pos 716.txt along with " from science to god " mr russell establishes himself as one of the masters of spiritual reawakening . although this piece has more doomsday in it than his later work , it has the same hopeful message and the same readability . in both books mr russell never seems to lose the reader in scientific mumbo jumbo , even when discussing very complicated subjects . that is n't a statement on his intelligence or research , but rather on his ability to communicate on all levels . neither does he offend when he deals with the spiritual aspects of his writings . in short everyone can sit around his table ( well , almost everyone ) . read'em twice . 
music pos 271.txt this album is the foudation of modern hip hop...the format of the album the presence of rakim ....his image everything was new territory when this album came out in 86 ' all hip hop lovers should have this album especially people down south 
books neg 34.txt one of the blurbs i read on the book jacket compared this book to into thin air and the perfect storm . no way ! . those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences . this account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring . the action does n't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then , the cliched writing and deification of balf 's subjects make this book very hard to get through . unless you are a serious kayaking fan , i would not recommend this book 
health neg 310.txt this is the worst shaver i have ever used . it is cheaply made and completely useless . do n't waste your mone 
camera pos 22.txt i like using a tripod with my long zoom lens , and this device has really added to my hobby . the remote is perfect for taking pictures of birds in my birdbath and squirrels and other critters in my yard . i personally do n't like cables , i do n't like dealing with them . this is just right for my purposes . the remote is also better for taking pics of people . it is much better than a timer in my opinion since i can move people in and out easier and more efficiently , taking pictures more quickly . this gives me so much more control than using a timer . 
camera pos 327.txt i had a chance to compare it with a tokina glass . canon is better on a contrast and better on a distortion , same or even slightly worse on a sharpness , and complete looser on a build quality . if you are ok with 12mm - get tokina 
music neg 203.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
camera neg 99.txt wow.. . now if you really want to see a rip-off , here it is . not to be damaging to amazon.com but hey for the 50mm just get some carboard and tape it to the front to shield it from the sun . the hood is definitely not worth it 
health neg 897.txt i bought this based on patricia 's review and loved it for the first month , then noticed it making a strange sqeaking noise . upon closer inspection i noticed multiple welds breaking ( i 'm 185 lbs ) . now i 'm not so happy with it , no warrenty , amazon wo n't take it back . good thing i have a friend with a wire welder who can fix it for me 
books neg 528.txt a little about golf and ' inside the pga tour' ... plenty of gratuitous language ' n ornery texans.. . mostly about dan jenkins ' views on relationships with women.. . forced a couple laughs 
books pos 952.txt it is almost like dream comes true when i saw the revised , new second edition out at the bookstore . the imrpoved edition not only has amended the errors or typo in its predecessor , but has graciously added new / updated materials in synthesis . you may see it as an equivalent to jerry march 's advanced organic chemistry but a whole different approach . the sections on oxidations , reductions , and organoboranes are excellent . since organic synthesis is a broad and infinitely growing field , not a single book covers all the principles and gadgets of organic chemistry . use it as an encyclopedia or along with popular title like nicholaou 's classics in total synthesis in order to enjoy the wonders of organic chemistry 
books neg 495.txt i am vietnamese and i grew up in new orleans during the 80 's and 90 's when the first waves were settling down there . i hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written . like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about , the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people . the vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards , uneducated , and simple . further , the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success . if you actually grew up in new orleans during the time that the vietnamese americans were setting root during the 80 's and 90 's , you would know that by and large , the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful . no real vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . i repeat - no vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . the book repeats many of the fallacies that i have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about east asian culture . there always seems to be 1 ) an asian prostitute 2 ) caucasian guy with asian bride 3 ) asian male in an emasculated role 4 ) asian people as backwards and simple . quite sad . this book reminds me quite a bit of memoirs of a geisha , though that portrayed japanese culture in a better light . by the way , the lady on which " memoirs of a geisha " is based and written about was quite upset at the author of memoirs of a geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all . regardless , if you really want to find out about the vietnamese american experience you should really read a book written by a vietnamese american 
music neg 188.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
camera pos 989.txt i 've been waiting for this technology for years . so when i found out jvc was planning on coming out with their 4 gb microdrive version , i had to have one . the $1500 price tag was too much though . then i found out the gz-mg50 was coming out , and would be about a $1000. i thought it was still a little pricey , but i could n't wait any longer . so far , the camera has performed great . it 's been easy to use and easy to transfer the files to my computer then to dvd . however , the video editing software that came with it seems a bit cheap , but it gets the job done . maybe the next gen version will be an improvement . the movie quality is very good . i wo n't give it a " great " because i occasionally see pixel blurring when watching my burned dvds . do n't bother taking pictures with this , unless you only plan on emailing them . the quality is far too low to use to capture those precious moments . i recommend getting an additional battery ( the three hour model ) . the one hour battery just does n't cut it , especially if you want to review your scenes while you 're out shooting . if jvc gave the camcorder a larger ccd and included better software , i would have given this a 5 star rating , otherwise i think they are on the right track , and in a few years , the minidv may be as forgotten as the eight-track . 
dvd pos 143.txt i absolutely loved this dvd . i saw in on tv , but wanted a permanent edition for my ' supes ' collection . i highly recommend it for anyone interested in the history of superman , its origins and where he fits into our culture today . it 's great 
camera pos 10.txt i enjoy the tc80n3.you may think it 's costly , but the features are out standing.i think it was worth the buy.the only disappointment i have is there is no " on , off " power switch 
books pos 632.txt mere words cannot express how pleased i am with my copy of 501 french verbs . very user friendly . well organized . a gem . i am currently working between learning spanish and french . between the two , i feel that french is the more difficult language . now , how to speak the language . the accent , sentence formation , idioms ? for all the beauty of this reference book , no one comes even close to equaling behind the wheel french for teaching you how to put all these verbs together and actually speak the language like the natives . if you 're just trying to get through a college french course requirement or never plan on really speaking the language , then 501 french verbs is perfectly fine all by its sweet self . however , if you do want to do more than read french literature and plan on hitting the streets in france someday , then by all means , combine this fabulous book with behind the wheel french cds . they also have a revised version for the same price that comes with a terrific book that is very instructional and easy to use . ( same price ) with answers right on the same page , english translations , the whole nine yards . makes it very easy to learn french 
books pos 694.txt harvey e . goldberg is one of the pioneering sociologists in the study of the jewish communities of north africa , especially the libyan-jewish community . in this present work he brings to bear the experience and knowledge of a lifetime of study and practice as a jew to provide an overall historical , anthropological view of the jewish life - cycle . he opens with a chapter on ' being jewish ' then considers birth , circumcision , naming . he goes on to discuss ' rituals of education ' and then has a central chapter on ' marriage' .an especially innovative section is on ' pilgrimage and creating identities'in this one he opens one of the central themes of the book , the way the increased importance of the individual in jewish life and thought has led to more varied religious practice . his chapter on ' death , mourning and remembering ' also includes a consideration of communal remembrance . this is not as might be expected his closing chapter , as he adopts the traditional teaching which he is reminded of by one of his many interviewees , and ends with something ' good ' his final chapter is on ' bonds of community and individual lives' . this book is extremely well written and a delight to read . i especially enjoyed the instances where he brings in personal anecdote to illustrate and deepen a set of observations . goldberg has a true command of traditional jewish religious sources , and these texts form one real basis of his life . but what is especially exciting is his reading the communal variations across time in response the religious and communal demands . as one long familiar with much jewish tradition and ritual i was surprised again and again by new observations and insights . anyone who loves jewish learning will love this work tremendously . i cannot recommend it more highly 
music pos 731.txt it was good . there are so many albums like this . this is one of the good ones 
software neg 591.txt i installed quickbooks pro 2003 on my new computer running vista and had a small problem . so , i bought an upgrade to 2007 since intuit says it works with vista . it does not . the software crashes at odd times . it also crashes when attempting to call up invoices from the accounts receivable report . it reports out of memory errors and closes two to six times each day . i have set up my old computer , which runs xp , so i can use the new software until they fix all of the glitches in the 2007 version . i recommend not buying this version if you are running vista os 
camera pos 208.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more . 
software pos 249.txt this is a very extensive volume of expert advice on how to use windows xp and so far i have found it helpful , although a bit too technical that is not compatible with my xp 
dvd neg 143.txt i bought the movie on accout rose was on the cover . i got home and watched and in the end i was disappointed and in tears . this movie is not for people under eighteen cause of some of the stuff she doe 
dvd pos 144.txt this movie is high in my top 10 off all times list , and is probably the best ' mainstream hollywood ' movie i can think of . i watched it for the 3rd or 4th time and it is just as enjoying , thrilling and suspenseful as it was when i saw it first more than 10 years ago . my 12 years old daughter watched it with me for the first time and enjoyed it just as well . great performance by all cast but especially hanks , paxton and beacon . probably ron howard best film ever 
dvd pos 707.txt you might think from the title and the commercials this movie is about a super sexy porn star slut...but it 's actually the opposite . i really liked how the movie was done to portray the struggles some girls really have to go through in their carrers and mixed it with the toughness of high school . this is definately a movie i would reccomend to people over like 16 but only if you want to watch a funny movie about the discovering and strength of two people...this movie is the real thing , i enjoyed it and i think many other people could too 
camera pos 810.txt the camcorder compact power adapter worked very well . i was given great help in finding the right one for my canon camcorder , which in itself was amazing . 5 stars to the product and to the helpers who helped me locate the right one 
health neg 365.txt and i am not just talking about weight loss products . i took one pill....one pill ! within a few minutes , i was curled up around the toilet crying because i needed to throw up so badly but i couldn't . i had n't drunk anything but one glass of water with it , and yet , i was peeing all day . i was nauseus....my fiancee stayed home with me all day to take care of me . i did n't want to move , but i would have to go to the bathroom to pee , and would carry around a trash can with me just in case i finally could throw up . i would not wish these symptoms on anyone , not even my worst enemy . that was probably the worst sickness i have ever had 
music pos 402.txt this cd has alot of tight hits including : nann by trick daddy and who dat ' by j.t. money . there are too many good songs to name for this cd , those are the biggest i like and i like all the others too . i can practically just listen to the whole cd without stopping it , which usually never happens with other cd 's b / c u buy it for about 3 good songs and all the other songs are junk . but this cd has all the hip hop hits that it proclaims . i suggest anyone looking at this review or cd , to buy the cd . it 's worth it , definetely ! one last word is that you will have no regrets buying this cd at all i think in my own opinion.i am from st. louie and i am telling ya 'll to look out for a new group called nelly also , there hit single is already out & quot ; country grammar&quot ; and cd soon to be out . get that when it comes out to . peace out ya 'll 
books neg 596.txt not a great deal of new insight here . i did learn a bit more than i knew , however , about meade 's failure to pursue at gettysburg . mr. boritt is the editor and author of one essay ; other essays are by four historians : stephen w . sears , mark e . neely , jr. , michael fellman , and john y . simon . ( alan j . jacob 
health neg 546.txt this scale was off by about 10 or 15 pounds . i went to the doctor a few days after getting this scale and i was so relieved to find out that i was not 10 pounds heavier than i feared . do n't waste your money on a scale that wo n't give you an accurate weight 
books neg 270.txt yet another offering from the kinkade art product assembly line . pass on this - - read real books and buy real art instead 
health pos 573.txt i purchased this hair dryer for an unusual reason : my old 1875 watt conair was actually too much wattage for my bathroom ( the circuit kept tripping ) , so i was actually looking for a dryer with less wattage . however , i did n't want to sacrifice power , as i hoped not to have to devote any additional drying time to my shoulder-length hair . so far , i 've been pleased with this hair dryer . it does seem a bit louder than my previous model- -not obnoxiously so , just a higher , more concentrated fan noise . the dryer is extremely light and compact ; it 's actually smaller than my folding travel dryer . it is very basic , with a choice of high / low settings only ( there is no heat / cool option ) , but it seems to dry my hair just as efficiently as my old higher-wattage dryer . overall , this is a very good basic hair dryer which gives you a wide variety of use options for a great price 
music pos 543.txt in august 1969 five session singers were invited to form a new session group . main singer was tony burrows of ivy league and flowerpot men fame . the first success came with the second single united we stand . this cd collects together the three us hits of the session group plus the only us hit of the group that was the face of the session group in concert during 1971-1973 and that would become the second outfit of the group , the eurovision winning song save your kisses for me . the rest of the songs are a mix of songs from this second outfit 1974-1980. this outfit is still on tour at the end of the centur 
health neg 782.txt this hair dryer did dry my hair quickly . but , it quit working after a month . i exchanged it for another just like it and the same thing happened a few weeks later . the buttons were also hard to switch . this was a waste of money . i ended up buying a completely different hair dryer 
health neg 609.txt this product come with a washer that keep causing the leak . it works fine for few weeks then the washer become worn out and it keep causing the leak . now i just leave it in my garage and ca n't return it or use it . very bad investment 
books neg 669.txt boring , tasteless and unoriginal . photographer has an obvious fixation...which has kept him from paying attention in many cases to contrast , tone , and line . one star for the big you know what , the real model here . i 'm sure book has its merits , but they are n't artistic . putting my copy up for sale 
books pos 29.txt gibbon 's " decline and fall " is without a doubt one of the most well-written and truly comprehensive historical works concerning the roman empire . from the military maneuvers of the northern legions to the intrigues of the imperial court , gibbon showcases the history of rome as it unfolded- -often relying on the eyewitness testimony of contemporary writers to give readers a sense of the passions and policies of the time . there are a few minute problems- -or rather gaps- -in gibbon 's work , but given that he originally published in the late 1700 's we can excuse his lack of complete information . overall , an excellent read and a great history of such an important subject 
music neg 778.txt perhaps puffy only got as far as he could riding on biggie 's legacy , but lets face it , he really has very little talent , charisma , charm and just seems so dull , he is basically a male paris hilton , going around acting like the world 's biggest d1ck ny saying " look people , i got money , arent i cool " besides biggie ( rip ) , bad boy really is not great , most of the artists are poor quality , the production is awful and no one has not even shown potetial . this album is basically not even worth printing or existing . it is just sad that many great underground rappers are not getting any attention while garbage like diddy plague are airwaves and puts his dumb face everywhere on tv . i do n't know why people like tupac , biggie , dimebag , chuck shuldiner and countless other greats are buried but this guy still breaths . so i would say in conclusion that we should do what people like chingy and d4l deserve , a 1 star rating . 
music neg 570.txt most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one 
music pos 597.txt if you like late 60s british rock-psych , tough-not-fey production / vibe , white-soulful vox , and mixing electric / acoustic elements ( think : a cross among beatles + zombies + traffic + small faces , even a lil ' byrds feel occasionally ) , you shimply musht try rolled gold , which compares to the cream of these groups ' output ! ! - " the ac-who - " ! ? you might well say.. . 'where have they been all our life ? ' ; ' a gem beyond price has languished all these years unsavored , ' we repeat nearly speechless . not since our belated introductions to moondog...skip bifferty...billy nicholls...stones ' " metamorphosis " ...dantalian 's vehicule.. . it can easily be yours . we very rarely care to replay any c.d. over and over but this one warrants such : well-crafted blend of nonchalance poetry and passion , delicacy and yarbles , hooks and chops and pacing and songs up there with the legends . the news that this cohesive album was only demo's * ( ' haps fortuitous in retrovision ) catapults one 's estimation higher still . singer reg king : on rolled 's strength his visage deserves a spot on some rushmore-in-avalon alongside fellow soulful brits winwood / marriott / reid / lloyd / stewart.. . : just hoarse enough / just sweet enough ( + a ' secret' : optimal use throughout of unison doubletracking ) ...perfection . rolled gold 's production is on the raw / monoish / hotly-compressed side- - a flute / piano occasionally to augment the basic guitar quartet formula & keep things unexpected- - suiting the songs & performances to a tee ( just to offer another clue to their magic brew ) . homey 's in no way related to any bandmember. . 
dvd neg 96.txt i do n't want to spoil this movie for others and i won't . cache is french for hidden and alot was left hidden . why does the son suddenly do what he did ? why does he think his mother is doing what he thinks she 's doing ? i did n't care one bit about any of the charactors . this is a slow going movie with no conclusion . if you have a choice between watching this movie or watching paint dry , flip a coin . i watch international films often and usually fnd them more rewarding than most us made films . not this one . 
music neg 241.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music pos 517.txt the best r&b band ever ! ! ! i know some will disagree with me , but this is the band that really rock my boat . i mean , they were awesome and it was n't forced or fake . the rawness of their funk is sooo addictive that you will never put this cd down . i am in the process of getting all their cds , but this one is a great way to be introduce to their music 
software pos 228.txt this is unbelievable- --it can tell the importance of the stuff on my pc . and i also can set a weekly backup task on my pc . this is fantastic . it is so straigh forward and easy to use . i will definately recommend this product to everyone i know . well done , alohabob ! ! ! 
dvd neg 968.txt i 've been a longtime fan of seagal 's movies , but i was greatly disappointed by this film . first , there were clearly sections where steven seagal 's voice was done by a different actor who sounds nothing like him . ( clearly done when the film was cut together after the main filming ) it was surprising that they could not take the time to get seagal to do the vocal tracks for those sections . there were also very few action sequences that demonstrated seagal 's skills with martial arts . in many ways , this film was more of a slasher flick than an action film . little action , but lots of bloody corpses lying about . i enjoyed black dawn far more , and feel it was a much better made film 
books neg 218.txt this book is very disappointing , as is most of gunaratna 's work on islamist terrorism . it 's the sort of stuff governments and many of the public want to hear , ie . bin laden and aq are everywhere , responsible for every terrorism attack and all regional terorist groups ( such as ji ) are aq franchises - total bollocks . the book lacks solid and verifiable reserach and is written by a " scholar " who spends most of his time doing alarmist media commentary 
camera pos 611.txt i got a nikon laser rangefinder for chrisymas and it had an 8x magnification . i found this to be to powerful for golf.i could not hold it steady on the flag.the 6x magnification on the bushnell yardage pro scout was much better . also it is very compact and stores easily in my golf cart . the price from amazon was well below i could find anywhere else . 
music neg 390.txt there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't 
software pos 894.txt i have had my computer for a couple of years now , and i have always wondered if there was ever a product out there to help me rid my computer of waste . well this product was recommended to me by a family member , and i am impressed as to how well it does ! ! i have never had so much success with one all-in-one product as i have the system mechanic 6 professional , and the fact that it came with virus protection was and added bonus for me too . if your computer is slower than slow i definately recommend that you use this product to get rid of the unnecessary junk on your system , and keep up to date with the latest viruses out there . i do n't think i will ever go back to mccafee again ! 
camera neg 499.txt i paid 99.00 for this little camcorder , thought it would be ideal for my action sports heros in the house , but we could n't get the videos to transfer to the pc . the menu button would not bring anything up , so overall we just could n't get this thing to work . a bummer of a christmas present 
books pos 432.txt i thought i was fairly familiar with the sanibel island area , but this book definitely gave me new insight . the author definitely " knows her stuff " and has written a very informative and interesting guide . anyone visiting sanibel ( especially first-timers ) should definitely get a copy before they go . 
camera pos 323.txt i 'm surprised to see that a lot of people only give 1* to this camera ! i 've had it for 2 years now and i just love it ! thanks to it , i discovered i had a real passion for photography.. . it 's very easy to use and my pictures are great ! when i show them , people usually tell me " you must have an expensive camera " ... and i just show them my little canon s500 and they are surprised with the result ! i 'm just loving it 
music pos 376.txt great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc. 
books pos 186.txt dragons are certainly among the most quintessential elements of the fantasy genre and their likenesses comprise one of the cornerstones of the art associated with it . dragonart : how to draw fantastic dragons and fantasy creatures is both an enjoyable browse and a useful guide for anyone interested in creating their own dragons or other fantastic creatures with pencil and paper . dragonart is divided into three major parts , fantastic dragons , unique details , and other fantasy creatures , along with an introduction , a section on how to use the book , and a brief guide to fantastic creatures . lessons in this book are progressive in nature , beginning with fundamentals and moving into increasingly advanced aspects of dragon design , all illustrated with step-by-step illustrations that are punctuated by helpful tips and tricks throughout . and author / artist jessica " neondragon " peffer has a clear , easy writing style that can be easily comprehended , absorbed , and acted upon , an example of which follows below . " okay , so we 're going to discuss the anatomy of a creature that exists nowhere but in our minds . sounds kind of silly to say that something made from pure imagination does not look correct , but that will happen if your creature does n't look believable . to help make your dragon as real as possible , base its structure on real creatures , " she writes at one point ( page 44 ) . " the ideal dragon is likely a mix of cat , bird , and reptile body types . the trick is choosing which parts to keep and which ones to throw out . you want it to feel like a single creature . " this advice , incidentally , is very reminiscent of that given by leonardo da vinci in his notebooks for drawing creatures of this ilk , making peffer well read or naturally very insightful , either of which speaks well for her . under " how you should make an imaginary animal look natural , " the increasingly famous renaissance man writes , " you know that you cannot invent animals without limbs , each of which , in itself , must resemble those of some other animal . hence if you wish to make an animal , imagined by you , appear natural - - let us say a dragon , take for its head that of a mastiff or hound , with the eyes of a cat , the ears of a porcupine , the nose of a greyhound , the brow of a lion , the temples of an old cock , the neck of a water tortoise . " dragonart also includes guidelines on drawing a number of other sorts of fantastic creatures , including basilisks , chimeras , gargoyles , and griffins . for those interested in applying the guidelines presented in this book , a companion dragonart kit : how to draw & paint fantastic creatures that includes a compressed version of the book and some art supplies will also be available soon . author peffer is also the creator of the popular fantasy art website neondragonart.com , which can give anyone potentially interested in this book the opportunity to get a sense of the kinds of creatures they can learn to create themselves . 
music neg 14.txt listening to the standards being sung by rod stewart is like listening to classical music being played on a kazoo ! if you 're new to this music , try out some sinatra cd's . he 's the guy who sets the standard when it comes to singing the standards 
books neg 259.txt im not sure where to begin with this review , its not that the book was poorly written , quite the opposite it was a very good piece but it lacked any sort of luster or appeal . it was quite infact extremely boring , by page 300 i could not wait for it to be over and this is weird because up to this point i have loved the gunslinger series , they were all very good from front to back . there is way , way , to much about susanah and the whole thing about her having this baby and it dragged and draged , maybe this series is showing its age im not sure but one thing is for sure it was no wastelands or wizzard and glass . it was a far fetch from those titles and it had barely any excitement . it got to the point where i had to try very hard to pay attention and often i would find i had read a page and not remebered what it was about and had to read it again . im giving this book 2 out of 5 , very poor story line , poor plot however it was written well i can only hope that the next book is better , cmon king give me the feeling wastelands did , blown away ! ! rather than tired and exhausted 
camera pos 247.txt i have taught photography at the college level , shoot 4x5 view camera work on occasion , and am very demanding about image quality . i am quite satisfied with the image quality from my kodak p880 , particularly after i installed the newest firmware upgrade available from kodak . i went through several 7mp to 8 mp cameras before finally getting the kodak p880. the p880 has better image quality than some high end sonys and olympus 7-8 mp cameras like the dsc-v3 or the sp350. i tested the p880 against the even higher end 10.3 mp large sensor sony r1 and the difference in image quality in a 13x19 print between the p880 and the r1 was barely perceptible after minor sharpening and noise reduction , which the p880 images accept particularly well . the zoom lens has a very useful range and is generally pretty sharp throughout its range . balance , manual controls and features feel high end and adequate for most semi-professional needs . the camera is a little slow processing and storing pictures in raw format and exposure bracketing modes but that really does n't bother me because i do mostly landscape and fine art photos . raw file format is directly supported by most versions of adobe photoshop and photoshop elements as well as most other raw processing programs like bibble pro . unlike most sub- $500 cameras , the p880 uses regular screw in haze and polarizing filters , a real plus and it has a highly controllable hot shoe . manual focus is usable and manual exposure control works well . the direct mechanical zoom is also nice . overall , the p880 is a digital camera that can either be a high end point and shoot slr-styled camera or one that can be used as fully manually as the most classic 35 mm film slr . although not small enough to slip in a pocket , the size is still reasonable and light 
books neg 451.txt this is definitely not one of my favorite books about stocks . the title of the book is a little deceiving , the author talks a lot about option instead of stocks and half the book is about stock splits . chapters 1-4 are about general info , such as you must buy and sell to make money , do n't hold for a long time . you must research the stock before purchase , eps must increase every year . i did n't find anything in those chapters that i did n't already know . chapters 5-10 is all about stock splits and when to purchase the stock as well as when to sell . once again , the author talks about the obvious ; buy when you hear that stock is splitting and sell after the split before the after split dip . chapter 11 gets into more advanced trading techniques , the bull put spread . this is not something that i use or will use in my trading . chapter 12 is the concluding chapter 
music pos 891.txt both the italian version ( io canto ) and the spanish version ( yo canto ) are excellent , and amongst the best albums that i have heard this past year . the music is absolutely beautiful , fresh , and very well paced , and laura 's voice is soaring ! the quality of this album is exceptional....the production of the songs lends to laura 's very passionate approach to them . without understanding a word of either version , i cannot get enough of them ! listening to laura on this latest release of hers over and over again , each song continues to grow on me and i find myself completely absorbed in this album ! do yourself a favor and get this one....especially if you live in the united states . it will give you an opportunity to experience the power of what music can be if done right . you 'll find yourself relating to words you do n't even understand ! 
health neg 102.txt this product is worthless . save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else . i 've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank . i 'm really surprised that amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in 
camera pos 399.txt bought this camera to replace my 35mm camera . am pleased with the trade up that i made . the shape is similar to my old film camera . thought this would make it easier to adjust to the smaller size of it . it has made the transition relatively smooth . i 'm sure there are smaller cameras out there , but this one is small enough . the display is also a good size - bigger than most that i looked at . i am not a genius at computers , so i was concerned that i would need to adapt to downloading pictures from the camera to the pc . but , all i need to do is plug in the cord and click a button . very easy to follow any instructions . i did notice that the display " freezes " for a second or two after a picture is taken . this is not generally a problem for me as most pictures are posed shots . i did run into some lag time during an easter egg hunt this past weekend , but still managed to get about a dozen good shots . overall , i like the camera and only wish i had gotten up the courage to go digital sooner 
camera neg 716.txt i gave this picture frame to my wife for a christmas gift , we pluged it in and within a half an hour it made a loud bang and smoke poured out of the thing like crazy....not a good gift . 
books neg 408.txt i was doing the new change series and felt something was n't right.found out on the internet it 's a cult all the way.this book is the mildest of all her teachings.let me tell you if you do n't do it her way you will not enter the kingdom of heaven.it 's all so subtle when you sit there week after week and watch the dvd 's it 's all about her and her son and so subtle remnant fellowship the only called out ones.you 'd better get in the arch or you are not the true followers of the lord.well gwen we are saved by grace through faith , it 's a gift from god , not of works so no one can boast ! that 's all she does is boast how sinless or tries to be sinless she is and her perfect remnant.i have been talking to several people that she has judge and judged hard and it makes me sick ! just look up on the internet type in gwen shamblin and you will judge for yourself what this weighdown teaching is all about.judge not least you be judge and why do you look at the speak in your brothers eye when all the time you have a log in your own eye ? i never heard anything about god 's grace it 's all twisted scripture.there 's fruit all right in these peoples lives well other cults have fruit too ! and the really overweight people if they are totally honest with you they starved themselves to get the rest of their weight off.just beware ! ! 
camera neg 132.txt last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months 
health neg 411.txt the previous reviews about this product were absolutely correct . the description of this product is a misnomer . the heating pad never heats up , and takes forever to just warm up . on a scale of 1 to 5 , i would rate it a zero ! do n't waste your money on this . i will be returning mine 
camera pos 13.txt this is a very powerful flash unit that works as a master to other canon flash units . you can get very nice results with a small amount of experimentation . it does what it suppose to . i used it with the 420ex i 've had for several years and it worked fine . mounted on the camera it 's a larger version of the built in popup on the 30d with some extra niceties and lots more power . thinking of the 430ex ? cough up the few extra bucks for this baby , you 'll be glad you did . it 's a one shot deal , [no pun intended] , you 'll be using it for years to come . i bought the 420ex for my elan ii e about 6 years ago . it 's been a great unit . this one recharges faster and has gobs more power . you 'll love it ! do n't let all the dials and switches scare you , read the instruction manual 
health neg 302.txt sorry sleepmd - we are not impressed . not only did sleepmd not work for me - but my husband took it as well and was restless and up all night too . today we feel worse for the wear - and a bit ripped off . no - i did not sleep through the night and wake up feeling alert and refreshed . more like we were run over during the night . i wanted to inquire to the company in person - but ca n't find a website to do so . so i plan to write . i would n't recommend this product to anyone . it 's a waste of money 
health pos 225.txt i looked long and hard for a heating pad that did not need plugging in or hot water poured into it . this is perfect - just zap it for two minutes in the microwave and set it where the you need it...ahhhh ! pure happiness ! a definite must have 
dvd pos 805.txt whenever i think of the second world war , the two places i usually think about in terms of carnage is the eastern front ; and the war between nazi germany and soviet russia . the other is the pacific campaign between the usa and japan . one of the reviewers wrote , " i 'm glad the russian won . " so am i . and what a bloody war it was . the number of casualties and amount of destruction make what occurred in the others parts of the globe [except asia] seem pale in comparison . the russians suffered greatly at the hands of the germans , and the german army paid one hell of a steep price . also , it was in the east where the germans committed some of the most horrendous atrocities known to mankind . it was in the east where extermination camps were set up to murder millions of jews : the german program of the ' final solution . ' everything i have ever read about the second world war concerning the eastern front is one of brutality on a scope that is horrifically mind-boggling . it 's as if life were cheap and each day may have been the last . this documentary does a very decent job in attempting to address the fighting between these two armies . from barbarossa to berlin , it is one of the best documenatries out there . at least for the 200 minutes that the film devotes to the eastern front . i do n't believe this is the definitive documentary , as more and more information is being released now that the soviet union is no more . but for now , i highly recommend this film . [stars : 4.5] 
music pos 715.txt sombre romantic is a step up if you will in the gothic metal genre . it is a very solid album from start to finish but has alot of layers that keep things interesting . its not what you would really consider to be a " religious " album but there are many undertones that help get the message across . this point being made very clear in " museum of iscariot " which talks of jesus from judas ' point of view . rowan 's vocal stylings change to meet the moods of every song on this album , from low opera type to screaming , in a superb way that stays consistent and never gets old . if you are into relaxed darkwave / goth music this is a perfect album to purchase 
health neg 727.txt the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof . 
software pos 794.txt i recently purchased this software to redesign my bathroom and bedroom . compared to other products that i have evaluated , punch ! interior design suite wins hands-down in the areas of versatility , stability , and 3d . it includes many precision , dimension , and viewing options that allow you to make both simple and complex designs . using the split 2d / 3d mode also helps with placing components such as windows and doors . after i completed the drawings i showed them to my builder and he was able to remodel the rooms exactly as i had envisioned them . like most software i have used , this package does contains a learning curve . i by no means consider myself a computer guru and i had to put in a little practice time . you will find , however , a plethora of resources available both on-line and within the manual / tutorials to assist you with your project 
dvd pos 570.txt the shipment was fast also the email response before . the vhs was in very good shape , almost like new ( as said in the description ) 
health pos 181.txt this is a great iron for a starter , but will not do it like a stylist . i have had it for at least 2 years so it will last also . the price is a little bit to high i only paid $ 19.99 for it at walmart.i know everyone has gotten used to shopping online because it is eay and always open , but i have to tell you that most of the things i have found on amazon are priced way to high . they used to be a great spot to get good stuff cheap but that is no longer true . i think it just kind of creeped up on us without us noticing what was going on . please folks go back out in to the world and start looking you will see that i am not wrong 
music neg 270.txt [first of all : i only gave this one star because the rating does n't let you go any lower] i only listened to this album because someone who was utterly disgusted with it threw it on the floor and stomped on it , leaving me to pick it up . i proceeded to suffer through it so i could give you fair warning . if you buy this , consider yourself warned 
music neg 282.txt i understand why the beatles are the top sellers in rock music as they suck . they only made about two decent songs in their " hey jude " a pretty song , and " ballad of john and yoko " . the sixties was a horrible decade of rock music . i would have to be said that only very few good songs came out in the sixties , which one of them is neil young 's " down by the river " . i have listened to the beatles for about a month and thought how lame and pathetic their music was . they were hugely one of the most overrated bands of all time . this one album is definately not the album to buy at all unless you are a sick moron who does not have a good taste in music . here you will get 25 of the worst songs ever recorded . if you want good music , i recommend go buy albums from foreigner , dire straits , green day , guns n ' roses , and metallica insted . do n't buy this album at most costs as you will waste money on 25 awful songs 
books neg 556.txt first of all , ike is doing the very thing that tina always said he would do . ike turner will never admit to what he did to tina . tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like " all the others . " ike took advantage of her . tina her self said she cared very much for him . cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince tina to leave him . even the girls that danced with tina on stage had whitnessed what happened . tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career , she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on . so she released her autobiography in 1986 , well after her come-back in 1984. while ike can try to deny it all he wants , the truth is he violently abused tina ! and considering the person ike turner is , i would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back ! ! 
music neg 310.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing 
books neg 124.txt i started reading this immediately after the last reh compilation and there could not be a greater difference in story telling . while reh was first and foremost a story teller , pressfield uses one of the absolute worst devices in his recount of a grandson of his grandfather 's remembering his conversations with a client who knew the famous alcibiades . this , as previous reviewers have mentioned , creates a large gap between reader and story . but why do this ? why use such a crappy method of story telling ? i guess it pads the book with unnecessary dialogue . all in all , it 's a slow , uninspired , day dream story . so crappy that i felt it necessary to write this review echoing previous harsh reviews . i want my money back 
health pos 35.txt i have owned this pulse meter for approximately 2 weeks and i find it to be accurate , but it takes a while for it to give a reading . the first few times i used it , it took over a minute to tell me my pulse . however , the manual does state that when you become used to the correct positioning of your finger on the sensor it will give a result faster . so far , this is true , as within the last 3 days , i have received readings within 10 seconds consistently . considering the price , it was a good purchase 
music pos 74.txt i was waiting in anticipation for this cd to arrive and was not disapointed . etta is the bes 
camera pos 887.txt excellent camcorder . the only thing i would do different is spend the little more it would take to go up to the pv-gs85 
health neg 110.txt these wipes are very rough . we bought these when our daughter was first born and i ended up not using them on her because she would scream everytime i used them . if your baby has sensitive skin i would recommend the huggies newborn or the huggies supreme wipes . wipe your face with one and you will see how scratchy they are . imagine how your baby 's bottom feels afterward 
dvd pos 618.txt simply the most classic surf video ever ! certainly a " must have " for any respectful surfe 
camera neg 728.txt made the mistake of taking this camera on a trip to the pool ! ! pictures were horrible . eye piece is the biggest pain ! ! do n't buy this piece of junk . if you want great , good , wonderful pictures , buy the fuji quicksnap camera . kodak could have done much , much better 
camera neg 840.txt this monitor worked pretty well for 4 months . we purchased this monitor and it worked well provided we were in the next room or on the same floor as the receiver . however , when we were downstairs ( baby 's room upstairs next to our 's ) the monitor was fuzzy , and had static and lines running thru . we were still able to have audio recpetion . after 4 months , the picture disappeared , audio was still operational . not a good camera for long term 
health pos 959.txt shavers fall into two categories , those who prefer rotaries like the norelco and those who prefer foil shavers . for those of you who like foil shavers , this is the one for you ! i 've owned the latest braun 8985 and it was excellent , while it lasted.. . the charger kept breaking on me ( once in the first month [11 / 2006] , then another time 4 months later [3 / 2007] ) . it was expensive , and the refills were a pain , pricey , but they worked . after two exchanges i decided to try the norelco 8140xl ( speed xl ) rotaries , and while they shaved really close , they tore up my neck . the problem only got worse . returned 3 weeks later . i just got the panasonic and can say that it definitely shaves closer than both of the tried razors . they shave much faster than the braun and norelcos . i 'm not sure if i like the " side to side " pivoting head , only time will tell . the heads do n't pivot up and down as much as the braun , but once again , time will tell if this is necessary . one major advantage is that it cleans with soap and water.. . no expensive refills to hassle over . the panasonic has two noticeable downsides : 1. it 's louder than other shavers , but who cares ? it shaves incredibly fast anyway . 2. you ca n't plug it in and shave.. . you have to wait until the battery is charged and charger is disconnected to turn it on . this is my favorite razor by far . 
software pos 988.txt my sister have been uesing it since i bought it for her and i think she like it 
books pos 989.txt i am not going to go over the contents of the book , or much about charles bukowski , because if you are considering this book you must know something about the man and his work . i will just give you my impression of this collection of work . no collection can ever really be complete , there are always new things to add , new commentary , newly discovered works , transcripts of records and unpublished letters , but this book does an excellent job in its attempt . to me charles bukowski will always be one of the greatest american writers of the twentieth century , because of the sheer brutality and honesty his work emanates . it is funny , sad , sadistic , cruel , scathing , enlightening and thought provoking . everything i like to read . this is poetry for people who are disgusted by verse of flowers , trees and greek mythology . this is raw human emotion and experience smeared out onto paper . it is not perfect , and it is not trying to be . it does n't always work , but there in lies the subtle beauty of bukowski 's efforts . the guts to try . the attempts at honesty , clearly blocked by his unwillingness to divulge everything , and his cynicism of man . this book has one of the most moving , amazing , and insightful poems...or anything else...ever written . it is called the genius of the crowd . if you read that work of art and are not moved...nothing will . this collection is shocking in its beauty , and inspiring by its simplicity . enjoy 
books pos 419.txt newt gingrich presents common sense solutions to the pressing issues of our day in a clear concise and easily understood manner . this book should be required reading for all civics and history classes in high school and college . if the policies dr. gingrich proposes could be implemented , the us would not only become the shining city on a hill , it would also become , far and away , the world 's most powerful economy throughout the next fifty years with prosperity for all americans who chose to join the ownership society he envisions 
music neg 688.txt save your money on this one . it 's sooooooo bland - with no jams ! what a disappointment . can i get a refund 
software pos 640.txt simple and easiest to use of t shirt programs . do n't be put off by the low prices . simply magazine , with their simply media brands , have lots of craft products like this , with all of them on amazon i think . mar 
software pos 371.txt this unit works well , the software is a little hinky . it does not explain when to attach the spyder , but if you keep going back you can figure it out . other than that i am satisfied . 
music neg 718.txt i 'm a big fan of great big sea and i purchase everything they release . apparently they were trying to give this cd the " feel " of a live , medium-size venue performance . unlike their other live dc offerings , this one sounds like it was recorded with a micro-cassette tape in some fan 's front pocket . it does n't give justice to their usual great vocals and unique sound . overall , i was pretty disappointed and i 'd recommend their earlier offerings over this one . 
health pos 90.txt this baby has helped me track my heart through all the highs and lows and ultimately allowed me to assist my doctor in verifying that something is seriously wrong with my blood pressure . we 're yet to verify what the culprit is.. . but this little guy helps me know when to slow down or kick it up a notch . i would highly recommend this guy if you 're looking for a wrist-inflatable blood pressure monitor . it 's been consistant , reliable , and informative for both myself and my doctor 
music pos 924.txt this is a really great follow up to allison moorer 's debut album alabama song . the hardest part , her sophomore cd , was released two years after her debut in september 2000. it builds on the sound presented on her first , and the songs are nothing short of great . my favorite track , though not her own , is her emotional reading of the rolling stones ' & quot ; bring me all your lovin&quot ; . she makes this song into her own . & quot ; no next time&quot ; is another favorite , the lyrics are excellent , a great breakup song . the title track is a nice midtempo country number . & quot ; send down an angel&quot ; is very sad but touching at the same time . other highlights include & quot ; it 's time that i tried&quot ; , & quot ; day you said goodbye&quot ; , & quot ; is it worth it&quot ; and & quot ; feeling that feeling again&quot ; . overall , to me this is her best album . you ca n't go wrong with any of them but this is an artistic acheivement , and one of her best albums yet 
health pos 486.txt i 've only used the kit once , and it did what it was supposed to . no problems , everything went fine , and i intend to use it again within about a month . it should pay for itself very quickly 
books pos 895.txt & quot ; the journals of susanna moodie&quot ; poems are interesting and spare in style . i have not gone through the whole collection , but margaret atwood has written a thought-provoking account ( through poems ) of susanna moodie . any serious or avid poem reader should consider this collection of related poems 
music neg 103.txt out of all of the early ' 90s , l.a. gangster flicks , this one probably had the best set of chicano oldie tracks . the movie was laced with them , yet none are on the soundtrack . kind of a waste . sure , you can get those oldies anywhere . but it would be nice to have those songs from this movie on one cd . again , it was a good sequence they used . aside from that ; it 's okay , i guess , if you 're a fan of b-list l.a. chicano rappers . but , even if you are , you can get better music from their respective albums . lsob 's first cd from ' 91 was tight . if you have that , then you 're really not missing anything by letting the ' loca ' soundtrack pass . 
camera pos 578.txt sony continues to exhibit the highest quality in their product design and manufacturing process . this case is very slim , compact , well made , and has a very luxurious feel to it . it completely enhances the look and attractiveness of the sony camera it is designed to hold 
camera pos 289.txt this camera is a steal . the reviews on amazon helped me decide on this camera and sure it is worth it . 
dvd pos 246.txt house 1 is darker than it 's sequels but stll maintains the horror / comedy feel throughout . do n't expect to be blown away by outlandish hollywood special effects . the majority of the special effects are not special . but if you can get over that , you 'll enjoy the movie . dvd is pretty bare bones with no amazing special features . i doubt much of that was available due to the age of the film . i 'm just happy it was released on dvd ! if you are a fan of low budget horror / comedy movies this movie may appeal to you . it 's no evil dead , but it is an entertaining movie . 
books neg 161.txt sorry , this guy 's voice gave me the creeps . he sounds like a preacher . who can meditate without the ability to respond positively to the leading voice 
books neg 861.txt what to write ? the book is kinda story book , and gives passages after passages . if you are looking for a book that gives exercises to develop your psychic power , this one 's not for you 
health neg 64.txt i had bought this razor after reading some of the reviews . i used the razor as directed in the instruction manual . the manual said when you first use the razor your beard would get used to it after a few weeks of use . i used the razor for a few weeks and with ever week the bumps got worse . i had to stop using it entirely for my skin to heal . do not buy this product 
books pos 949.txt a wonderful book providing a myriad of ideas for those of us who need not only a basic review of knitting but an introduction to a new world of knitting . thank you chapman tracy for such beautiful photos , tips , etc. i 've already given this book as a gift and will continue to highly recommend it 
dvd neg 576.txt i never received this product and the order tracker never displayed the ' problem with this order ? ' icon . they stole my $20.00 and now have the nerve to ask me about the product . its bad enough i am stuck in iraq , now i have my money stolen . they are thieves . even if i had to return it , i still may have received a refund . do not buy from this seller , i could never report it and now i am out 20$. do not purchase from this seller 
music pos 223.txt i purchased this cd with the intent of finding fine players playing fine music . what i found , however , was and outstanding example of chamber music as its finest . the ensemble these 3 players generate is some of the finest ensemble music playing recorded . each player displays exceptional technique , both in the mechanical and lyrical aspects of their playing . most impressive is listening to istomen who , playing a very technically and lyrically demanding part , voices his playing with such finess and carefull attention to detail to the strings ; a feat very difficult to do as a pianist . this is an excellent recording for the professional to study a score from or for the avid listener to play over and over 
camera neg 157.txt this backpack was very uncomfortable . the inserts are stiff . it does n't represent canon quality ( i hope ) 
camera pos 948.txt some reviewers below have said that this microphone does n't work with the sony hot shoe . wrong . click on the " technical details " on this page and you 'll see the sony camcorder models that this microphone works with . failure to look at which camcorders are compatable with this microphone is the fault of the customer , not any fault with the microphone ! so do n't give it a low rating based on your own lack of research when buying a product , please 
dvd neg 15.txt nicky cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment , as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi 
camera neg 344.txt i purchased this item because of a recommendation from a friend . i will start out by saying that when i first purchased this frame , i loved it . the display , contrast and brightness were great . however , after 5 short months , the display 's pixels started acting funny . they get out of sync and display a solid color rather than the imgage . turning the frame off and back on resolves the issue for about 60 seconds and then it 's back to bad pixels . myself and two of my friends each purchased this frame and are all experiencing the same issue . in conclusion - it would have been a great frame if it had worked long enough to display pictures from all four seasons . 
software pos 706.txt first i would like to state that sooner or later every computer user will come in contact with some problem with an internet security program . they are human made and not 100% fault proof . i study and work in the it field and was first introduced to pc-cillin through trend micro 's product housecall . soon after i tried out the trial and have finally bought the product . i love it ! i have used several of the other " major " anti-virus suites available and have had tons of problems with them . mcafee after one uninstall had bedded itself so far into the computer that i had to completely reformat the pc to gain functionality again . norton to say was n't much better . if you are installing on a " clean " pc where these other software suites have not been , i have not had a problem . i have installed / uninstalled pc-cillin many times each time running smoothly . the software has been a valuable asset protecting my pcs by alerting me to virus threats and even hacking threats that were not even on my network but on my isps network . as well as protecting my network from one single computer that received a virus by shutting off traffic to that pc . i can understand where some of the other problems reported with this software may occur if the person a beginning user or just unfamiliar with the framework of the software . but if you already have some experience in how to set this type of software up i really do recommend you give pc-cillin a try . it is a sleak program , easy to install , easy to customize , and really goes above and beyond with alerting you to possible risks and threats . with all its competitors out there i would choose pc-cillin over the rest any day of the week 
camera pos 185.txt okay , first off , i 'd like to say that this is my first af slr- -i stepped up from my dinosaur of a camera , canon ae-1 manual focus , and right now i am quite overwhelmed by all the features in this little thing . i 'm still in the learning stages of all this technology but let me tell you this , i am having fun ! it amazes me that canon can offer quite an impressive camera for the price . i just received my first few rolls from the developer and the pictures came out amazing- -so clear and the colors are very vibrant . just to let you know , i 'm using the 28-105mm f / 3.5-4.5 usm lens . i took the suggestions of many and passed up on the " kit " lens and i 'm sure glad i did so . i would highly recommend the f / 3.5-4.5 lens , but unfortunately for the rest of you , amazon has discontinued it . but you could order it from one of the many other photo shops ( b&h , adorama , etc ) . do i have any regrets on this purchase ? absolutely not ! i love this camera and even though i 've owned it for less than a month , i 'm actually thinking about stepping up to the eos 3 and using this as a backpacking / hiking body . hmm...what to do , what to do ? do i purchase another body or start a collection of l-series glass ? ...that is the question . 
dvd neg 501.txt i give it 3 stars for porn and -2 stars for a movie , therefore , collectively ; you have your single star . by all means , i suggest you get yourself some hardcore porn , beat off , and then watch a real movie . caligula blows literally and royally . it is a little under 3 hours , which seemed like 3 days , and there is only about 20 minutes of decent film . the small amount of story that is somewhat portrayed is simply stepped on by asinine porn . the most triumphant scene in the movie is where the roman soldiers attack the phallus-humbling papyrus stalks while flailing their genitals to and fro . this movie is ridiculous . in order to enjoy this , one must be completely perverted and dimwitted 
music neg 230.txt i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed . 
music pos 967.txt dj shadow is in my honest opinion one of the most overlooked artists in music today . threading the thin line between commercial and underground , and finding his niche somewhere in between ( as unkle says , the middle ground between light and shadow ) dj shadow continues to impress with every release he puts forth . i was fortunate enough to pick this album up right after its release , and actually purchased it before i bought endtroducing , which is by far dj shadow 's best album , and one of the best albums ever made . by sampling elements from just about anywhere shadow combines elements from our pop culture to create mini-movies of his songs which few artists can touch in terms of sheer production value , and the emotional effect that is created while listening to his music . i am actually glad i bought this album before endtroducing as it has given me the time to truly appreciate this album for what it is ; a work of art , and a continual growing of shadow 's talents . had i bought endtroducing before this and writtwn a review i 'm sure i would have garnered it with a 4 star review , but that is simply not the case here . while endtroducing is always going to be leaques above and beyond this album , josh davis has found a way here to go above and beyond what should be expected of an album , and given us an album that i 'm sure years from now i will still find elements in it that will grow even more on me with time . best enjoyed while driving or relaxing at home ( possibly with a little mary in tow , if you know what i mean ) , the songs fluctuate with peaks and valleys of highs and lows , and the beats are flawless , especially when compared to a lot of the mainstream garbage that is put out in the record industry on a regular basis . see the thing is that shadow bases his music upon how he feels , and artists that do this correctly achieve an emotional reaction from their music that the true artists of our world truly achieve . radiohead for example has a way of doing this , and it is not surprising then that one of dj shadows favorite artists is radiohead , they both fuse these elements into their music , and achieve monumental status in my opinion . the package design is equally well done as well showing an artists eye for presentation , and a graffiti influenced design to the overall package . if you enjoy this album then i highly recommend any of shadows works : endtroducing , preemptive strike , the private press , and in tune and on time , which is a live set recorded in support of this album . unkle is also a well thought out album which bridges the gap between hip-hop , rock and techno , with guest appearences by mike d of the beastie boys , thom yorke from radiohead , and others from throughout the music industry . if you 've never heard of dj shadow before , then i must say that you are missing out , if you are at all interested in underground music , do yourself a favor and pick up any of shadow 's albums or collaborations , i guarantee you will extremely impressed , as with any good album the songs have a way of growing on you over time . peace out 
health pos 437.txt now my husband ca n't " borrow " my gasses and i never loose them . i have one of each color and get rave comments every time i take them off in front of strangers . 
music neg 874.txt la grange is probably at the top of most zz top fans lists , and rightly so as it is superb , but the version contained on this collection is the one where they did some weird digital reverb stuff to the drum track , which completely destroyed the roadhouse vibe of the original recording . it is so awful that i do n't know how anybody can listen to it . thankfully they got smart and went back to the original for rancho texicano . clueless classic rock stations are still playing the version contained here , dummies . also , waitin ' on the bus / jesus just left chicago are two absolutely essential tracks that are inexplicably missing here 
dvd pos 29.txt i first caught the black swan several years ago on television and was immediately blown away . sure , it 's just a swashbuckler , just a pirate film - with the usual plot , the usual bits and pieces . there 's nothing outrageously distinctive about the black swan , at least at first sight . ty power stars as jamie boy , expert pirate who ends up by plot machinations in the employ of ex-pirate and now governer of jamaica , captain morgan laird cregar ) . morgan 's been given a pardon for his dastardly deeds and with his new title attempts to rid the seas of the dastardly buccaneers , sending jamie boy off to find george sanders ' captain leech . only there 's a twist in the mix - and some dastardly fop 's out to make a mockery of morgan by using leech as his private pirate to ruin the governer . to make matters worse jamie not only seemingly disappears - apparently in league with the nefarious leech , but he also kidnaps the previous governer 's daughter , played with feistyness by catherien o'hara.... . so it 's all the usual stuff - kidnapping , sword-fighting , stealing , drinking , pacts with arch enemies and stock characters throughout . but you know what - it 's not that you know what you 're getting , it 's that you get a whole lot more than you ever thought you would . sure , everything 's the same , but somehow strangely different . the story and characters are as seen before - but with the likes of sanders , power and o'hara as the love interest , and the great character actor cregar playing against type - you have life breathed into the character 's that 's so often lacking . and the original story by one rafael sabatini - who also brought us captain blood and the sea hawk - is a rip-roaring boys-own adventure . director henry king - no stranger to producing similar adventure styled flicks - cracks the picture along with some sense of urgency . it 's a spare , fluid film with a simple , but fun , narrative and visual splendour that puts other films , even those made today , out to pasture . this dvd manages to capture that splendour in abundance - the technicolor photography is gorgeously rendered herein , with all of the detailed production and costune design seen at its best . just check out the restoration comparison to see how good . in addition the disc also features a fine commentary from historian rudy behlmer . if you want a cracking piece of entertainment that puts shame to modern counterparts of the genre , look no further 
books neg 832.txt suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to rabbi david berger 's book , the rebbe , the messiah & amp ; the scandal of orthodox indifference 
health neg 147.txt does not measure up to the shihatsu 110 ac messager , which actually works . this unit has multiple vibrating buzzers . i could not feel the heat . the motors turned on high create an odd noise much like the kids ' giant bass speakers 
music neg 178.txt a mix of the softest chessyest mushy reggae from the 80s . do n't even bother.. . 
music neg 463.txt this a great priced cd , but the content is why it is so cheap . it 's a true-amateur album . beethoven lover is over her / his head . this is the real world , not a fantasy-everyone-likes-every-type-of-music world . deal with it and agree with me . it is n't so great 
music neg 966.txt sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas . 
software pos 327.txt i do television editing for my church and i dabble alittle at home . i have many editing programs that i use for music and video editing of home movies from cams and 8mm.i had nero 6 and it was ok , but nero7 ultra ( enhanced ) has taken the place of all the other programs . it is my primary editing suite for music and videos . for music i can make changes to songs for skating programs where i would have to send out to have words removed or create a cd for pleasure.this program is remarkable , there are still somethings i have not yet used , this was the best but in this type of program for under $800.00 that is how much the programs that we use in the studio starting price is . buying this program will be a great investment . 
dvd neg 671.txt i watched this on masterpiece theater and was intrigued enough with the family story to buy the book . the characters and the historical context are much better developed in the book and you do n't have to listen to that extraordinarily whiny , droning music . 
camera neg 5.txt i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set . the finish of the rings are poor . despite of previously poor reputaion , i recently purchased some 67mm quantaray filter from the local ritz camera store which are of much better quality compared to this set of tiffen filters . i never got tiffens before , had good experience with hoyas . i will probably stay with those from now on . now come to think of it , ritz camera indicated the quantaray they had were made by hoya . the glass on all the filters are quite a bit more reflective compared to the hoyas and the quantarays . not a good sign . the circular polarizer had some smudges and some lense swirl that after 10 sheets of lense tissue and quite a bit of cleaning solution failed to be fully cleared off . quite frustrating . all of the filters came with lint and a few little smudges on them , not sure if the store handling or the manufacturer handling was to blame , but none of the other filters i got before had this kind of problem right out of the box . the set might be cheap , but it sure is for a good reason 
music neg 574.txt my copy of " reckless nights.. . " ( and yours , too , probably ) has a sticker on front that reads : " one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century . " well , i 'm so glad that columbia cleared that up . otherwise , i 'd have had to make up my own mind , and apparently music labels do n't allow that nowadays . i hope similar stickers are included on chopin , mozart , and bach cds ( with the century adjusted on a per-composer basis ) . scott 's gimmicky fare makes for pleasant listening , but not in such a large dose- -monotony sets in after two or three titles , let alone 22. halfway through this cd , i felt as if i were listening to the drone of a defrosting icebox . for all the outrageous hyperbole thrown at scott- -no one else like him , no way to categorize his music , and so on , and so on- -the reality is that composers and arrangers like ferde grofe , duke ellington , glenn miller , alec templeton , and bill challis covered the same ground far more skillfully- -and , in most instances , earlier- -than scott . concert jazz , symphonic jazz , or whatever you wish to call it , was not the invention of any one man , and certainly not scott . check out grofe 's scores for whiteman- -in particular , his writing for woodwinds and his constant , scott-esque use of muted trumpet . listen to duke ellington 's " extended " compositions circa 1929. for that matter , listen to ellington 's 1933 " daybreak express " - -virtually the template for scott 's galloping miniatures . experience bill challis and glenn miller 's pioneering big band charts . or.. . believe as you 're told to believe , i.e. that scott , and scott alone , performed this kind of music . i mean , who needs history when we 've got hype ? it 's up to you , dear listener 
software neg 901.txt i was thoroughly disappointed . the first few words i looked up in the thesaurus were not listed - - words like upholstery ! when i went online to see what i might be able to glean from their online site , first fogware had not sent me a coupon , then i had to deal with bad customer service ( i am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support ) then after i finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd - - so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! very bad ! i am now going to go buy roget 's and check it out 
books pos 858.txt wow , this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma . not just about cards , but also contains business etiquette , marketing tips and techniques , and ( un ) common sense . wish i had read it 20 years ago . required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person 
books neg 704.txt what i learned in this book could have been placed on 1 page . sure , business life is a challenge and your competitors are not your friends , but this book did not deliver on facts and details . i do n't see much difference between this book and the guru-books 
camera neg 502.txt for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended 
books neg 448.txt there were too many characters , disjointed plot threads , not much of a plot in the first place , and not much coverage of the overall march itself . it focused on many obscure and unimportant characters who were n't that compelling 
music pos 971.txt this cd is the funniest cd i own . the first half of the cd is pure comedy and super funny . the second half is a little hard to understand , and it louds like is was recorded poorly , that is why i gave it four stars . track 2 is worth the money spent on the cd because that track is 8 mins of pure comedy . eddie makes fun of stevie wonder and boxer larry holmes , and he does it well 
music neg 164.txt i like funny rappers who have some talent at least . i do not think that his songs or the man is funny at all . and even the people that i know that enjoyed this the first couple times say that they do n't like it at all by the third time . truly bad pointless music that makes all rap music seem like a joke . avoid this one 
books neg 463.txt ed klein is really so desperate in his attack that he ca n't find any one person who will use their names in the attacks against hillary ! what a lot of misinformation and outright lies . to actually accuse marian wright edelman of using children for her own ends is short of criminal , and to insinuate that chelsea was the result of a rape , even though on the next page he discusses their fertility search to become pregnant , is disgusting . i should have known what to expect when the first two words in the book were monica lewinsky ! 
books neg 670.txt i know all this stuff seems like a good idea but have we forgotten ghb ? that was supposedly the fountain of youth a few years ago and now no one hardly even talks about it . let me let you in on a little secret , ghb turned out to be a very addictive substance and in fact a handy little trick to get a girl naked without any problems like dinner movie or even her knowing you for that matter . like hgh , everyone jumped on it before all the data was in . please put your money away and be safe . a pretty face is n't worth the trouble this could potentially cause . and lets be realistic at 60 you really wo n't ever look 20 again and the weight you would have lost will be the money leaving your pocket book and not the fat from your thighs . work out , do yoga , and eat a healthy vegetarian diet and you ca n't go wrong . also , when i stopped eating sugar the cellulite also disappeared and so did those extra pounds 
music pos 107.txt i read some of the other reviews before i submitted this . i do n't see how someone could get upset over the liner notes . redd does n't include danny gatton as an influence because he did n't listen to him . as far as other reviews concerning tone and the lack of fire , well , i do n't even know how to address that . redd has one of the best tones i 've heard on the tele and his note selection is what sets him apart from other pickers . ever hear of diarrhea of the guitar ? well , you wo n't get that on this cd because redd does n't play something to just play it . this cd showcases redd 's versatility from country , to swing , to blues , to rock , it has it all . if you like good pickin ' , then by this cd 
camera pos 699.txt bought as a gift for daughter in law . she loves it . seems to be an excellant entry level camcorder . enough bells and whistles to satisfy most without being excessively expensive . quality is good which is to be expected from jvc . operation is simple enough and picture quality even for jpeg internet quality stills is satisfactory . 
music neg 720.txt the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gonna cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion " happy " . also i liked " out of the hood " other then that it was boring . 
books neg 783.txt from the cover and a quick glances at some of the colorful photo filled chapters , this book seem promising at first . but the cliched saying of never judge a book by its cover has taken its toll . this book provides marginal advice on how to -potentially - make a profit from the wonderful world of digital photography , however , it fails to give any real world working model on how this can be accomplished . most of the marginally useful advices and sales model , i.e. pricing structure on stock photos , are based on the author 's own personal preference and experience , rather than taking into account the wide breadth of pricing methods that exist in the real world of photography . this is a great book for amateurs that are trying to break into the business of selling their prints from an outline or a strict table-of-content perspective of the available methods and channels of distribution to target , e.g. card stock , stock photo , art fairs , etc. most of topics cover seem to be more ' theoretical ' than actual real-world hands down information and the author seems to expend more time , energy and care in expressing his disdain ( with a condescending overtone , might i add ) toward enthusiastic amateurs that aim to make it big and quick . his favorite recurring adjectives for such amateurs includes , but certainly are not limited to : prima donnas , pretentious , and pretend aficionado . heller may be a [self-aggrandizing] professional photographer , but anyone with such high caliber should be more helpful , than pompous or supercilious . remember heller , you were an amateur at one point too . further more , heller likes to take a seemingly interesting idea , get your hopes up and then tell you why you should n't pursue it because the odds are just too high against you . bottomline : if you are serious about licensing your photographs for use , then this book does not really cover the core foundations that you need to get your feet wet . on the otherhand , if you want to take a look at what you can do to -potentially - make a profit from your hobby , then this book basically gives you an -general - idea . i 'd give this book a 1-star for the lack of usable information and the author 's cockiness , but it does contain some interesting theories and sales model to warrant a 2-star rating 
dvd pos 390.txt i 'll start out by saying that i prefer the jason movies . i think the whole body count is a fun way to watch a horror movie . the freddy movies are good horror movies , but they 're not really slashers like i thought they would be . - a nightmare on elm street - a great , classic horror movie by wes craven . he creates good high school characters , although trying to prove that they 're only 15 years old is a little far-fetched . freddy is more horrific and scary , he does n't say much . - a nightmare on elm street 2 : freddy 's revenge - they were asking for it when they completely changed the style and rules of freddy in this sequel . many will disagree , but i do n't think it 's a bad movie , it 's just very dark and horrific . - a nightmare on elm street 3 : dream warriors - definately a step up from part 2. it goes back to the roots of the original film and brings back nancy , who is now studying dreams and sleep in a mental hospital . the style brings us back to the original movie with the same rules and objectives . - a nightmare on elm street 4 : the dream master - decent entry in the series carrying over characters from #3 and introducing all new characters . the story does n't flow as easily this time around and it 's a step down from part 3 , but still good . - a nightmare on elm street 5 : the dream child - stephen hopkins ' visual style makes this the best sequel in the series . freddy is hilarious and the special effects are great . the story is more interesting than part 4 and the characters have matured since that movie which is good . - freddy 's dead - the final nightmare - cheesy storyline trying to tell us that in 10 years there will be no kids left in an american town ? rachel talalay thinks the 3-d effects in the film are lame , but not that story element ? if it were n't for the interesting backstory on freddy , this would n't be a good movie . - wes craven 's new nightare - wes craven did succeed in making an interesting and well made horror movie here , but it is a little strange to include it in the rest of the series . better watched on its own and not consecutively with the other movies . - nightmare encyclopedia - alot of interviews that are n't edited very interestingly make for a decent special features disk . it 's good to see that these interview are n't self serving at all and they 're completely retrospective , it would 've been nice to hear more from heather langenkamp , or possibly johnny depp ? this is a great set for extreme fans and a good set for casual fans . i 'm a huge fan of the alien series and a pretty big fan of the predator series , but not as much as alien . i would say that i 'm now a huge fan of jason and a good sized fan of freddy in comparison to alien / predator . i do recommend these movies , but this enormous box with annoying cardboard cases is outdated for today 
health pos 15.txt these bars are absolutely fantastic . they are very nutritious and have a good amount of protein ( 20g ) . they taste pretty good , far better than most bars . i prefer the builder bar cookies and cream flavor to that of the clif bar flavor . out of the flavors my current favorite is the cookies and cream , next being the peanut butter , and then chocolate . a chocolate mint flavor has just been released but i have yet to try it . i recommend these bars to anyone looking for a healthy snack or needing protein for working out 
music neg 385.txt i own this set , as does my roomate , and we both hate it . it highlights bands like ' red lorry , yellow lorry ' that no one likes or listens to , and uses great classic bands like bauhaus ' worst song as the first track . it is the hollow , tin-y , embarrassingly hokey side of goth , and i am ashamed to even have it in my house 
health pos 577.txt i appreciate the gentle , yet powerful cleaning of all free clear allergen detergent . i have an infant & find this cleans her clothes & ours well without leaving any harsh irritants , so it 's easier to do the family 's laundry all together 
health pos 635.txt i have used this twice a day and love it . best buy at this price 
software pos 839.txt i bought this and i think it is a very good game but , i can not really continue the game because i lose money trying to get some by doing the 5 things . i am going to keep on trying to finish the game . if you are really good at solving games and love horse i would get this game . and anyone can try it and if you keep on trying it you can win the game 
software pos 692.txt my daughter loves sims so i got this to help her improve her spanish . it is fun to play for adults , too . the complete immersion method is more effective for learning a new language 
health neg 951.txt i bought this for my husband and son and was not even able to give one hair cut . it pulled the hair , and did n't cut well . my husband kept complaining that it hurt and was pulling . since i could n't finish , i had to use our old clippers to get the job done . this was so disappointing , but i guess you get what you pay for . 
health neg 798.txt would have been better if i actually got this. . i ordered this and got 6 dr. bronner 's lavender soap with a hemp tree soap bar code on the back . i 'm too lazy to send back and i already opened one and the lavender is nice . but i would rather have the hemp tree.. . afraid to order again 
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead 
health neg 564.txt i read the directions and followed them to a t . the pain was just too intense ( on my gums - they started to bleed ! ) . i tried to adjust the " trays " every which way , but there was no way not to get the gel on my gums . after all the time , trouble and pain , i did n't see any improvement in whiteness . i have used the older crest whitestrips , and liked them much better . 
camera pos 107.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
music neg 618.txt i love running to the marine corps cadence cds . volumes 1 and 2 are very good . volume 3 sounds studio produced and more choral . when running vols 1 & 2 are better synched for continuous running . the transitions on vol 3 feel out of synch to me . others do n't seem to agree and i still run to this cd ; i 'd buy 1 and 2 first if you do n't have them 
music pos 25.txt without a doubt , the highlight is the dvd of the 1975 show in london . " born to run , " the album , had put him on the cover of " time " and " newsweek " the same week in october , 1975 , one of the very few times that has happened for a non-news story . the publicity and hype generated by columbia records was so overwhelming that there was a backlash : " nobody can be that good . " so here we see his first show ever in the uk , playing to an audience of professional critics and amateur skeptics , people thinking , " hey , ' rock and roll future , ' this is the land of the beatles , the rolling stones , the who - who do you think you 're kidding . no unknown kid from america deserves ' time ' and ' newsweek . ' " the show begins in almost total darkness , a piano softly plays , then harmonica , and a soft spotlight lights the kid from new jersey who sings " thunder road , " accompanied by only piano . an unknown song at the time , " thunder road " has become a springsteen classic . imho , especially given the expectations , it is a perfect understated opening . the dvd has the entire show , including everything from the hard rock of " she 's the one , " and " born to run , " the song , to a much slowed down version of " for you , " an underated sleeper on his first album , " greeting from asbuty park , nj . " bruce accompanies himself on the piano and i swear , this version of " for you " is so beautiful it could be the scruffy new jersey kid channeling god . any skeptic who walked out of this show thinking springsteen was merely hype has no ears , no taste , or was xenophobic . the show gives more than a big hint that this springsteen guy is for real , as a songwriter and performer , and that " born to run , " especially , is an extraodinary album . there are only eight songs , but none are fill . repeated listenings of the four corners of the album ( before cds ) " backstreets , " " jungleland , " thunder road , " and the title song are so good they become.. . well , addictive , works of genius , and lead to still more listening . " tenth avenue freeze out , " " night , " and especially " she 's the one " could each be the centerpiece of almost any other album . even the whispered " meeting across the river , " fits and helps the album become a coherent whole . the songs taken together are more than the sum of the parts . as a footnote i 'll offer the opinion that bruce only wrote one other album that is as good as " born to run " and that is his next one , " darkness on the edge of town . " everything he has released is good ; a good bit of it is great , but i do n't think anything else matches " born to run " or " darkness . " i do n't know if two other back to back albums this good have ever been released . the dvd of the show gives us a big early peek at the guy who would develop into rock 's greatest performer . by 1985 he would be the biggest rock star in the world , selling out multiple nights at football stadiums . the remastered cd is nothing special to my ears . perhaps an audiophile could hear improvement . the dvd , " the making of ' born to run , ' " is interesting , but will probably appeal mainly to fans . however the dvd of the 1975 london show ought to appeal to anyone who likes bruce , or rock & roll , or showmanship , or history . its a treat 
books neg 129.txt it takes indeed some real power to get so many five-star reviews for such shallow writing . this book is a very poor way of handling thw well-known concept of paradigms and paradigm shifts . if you are at all familiar with these concepts simply forget buying this book as ( just because you paid money for it ) you will naturally be inclined to read it and this will be a total waste of time and energy . there are so many books on creativity , innovative thinking and innovation ; look for them . this is a book on nothing : was it a busines book on business models ? was it a cookbook for personal development ? what was this for god 's sake , apart from being an insult on iltelligence 
health neg 324.txt i was overwhelmed by the choices , and selected this model , in part , because of the reasonal price . i had read reviews which mentioned problems and the need to return the product , but i decided there was only a small possibility of that happening . the instructions said to use the lowest setting initially , which certainly made sense . however , the instructions said to move the adjustment " toward the tip " , which turned out to be the highest , not the lowest setting ! the diagram on the handle indicated that the movement was toward the larger opening , but i read the directions and did not look at the diagram until later . the spray was very powerful and actually " hurt " , especially when it was by my tooth with a crown . the next day i tried adjusting the settings with the pik over my sink , not in my mouth ! it felt wonderful on the lower setting ! i reread the directions again ( and again over the next several days ) to see if the error was mine or theirs . i still think the directions were not written properly . the third day i had trouble getting any spray at all . this continued for about a week , some days getting more or less , but never a full spray on any setting ! my guess is that it was in a permanent " pause " mode . i gave up and pursued returning the item . it needed to be returned to an " authorized repair " , which luckily was only a few miles away ( there were only three in my state ) . the repair man had told me , over the phone , it was a discontinued model and had n't been made in about a year . when he looked at it , he found it had been made in 2006. he said he could fix it , but was n't allowed to ; i am awaiting a replacement to arrive in the mail . 
music neg 619.txt i like these guys alot.i own a bunch of there stuff and love to see them live . i played this cd a few times liked it at first , but it did n't grow on me at all liked i 'd hoped.to cute for me , not spontaneous enough.i feel this cd will be just another dust collector in a short period of time.just let it rip guys , that 's what you do best.thank god my brother bought this instead of me.i bought live at cow palace ( the dead ) great cd 
dvd pos 327.txt i was fourteen years old when i attended the new york premier of this movie at the rivoli theater . i have the original premier book from the theater ; which is not for sale . i immediately fell in love with the beautiful ingrid bergman . so did millions of other young men . this movie did not win the award of the year ; it was overshadowed by " casablanca " ; which in my estimation , was of inferior quality , compared to for whom the bell tolls . bob richard 
books pos 531.txt i really enjoyed this book . i could pore over the fashions , the interior decoration - it satisfied my desire to see all the details ! at the same time , i got a sense of the passage of time in virginia and vanessa 's lives . read as a companion to any of woolf 's novels , i think the book would also convey a sense of the writing process . it evokes the time and place beautifully , and the text is not intrusive : the images are allowed to take centre stage as works of art in their own right . fine choice , sweetpea 
software neg 860.txt thought the cards would be like broderbund 's american gretings creatacard platinum 8 software but it was not and i did not like what i got . 
music pos 6.txt review by mike watson : with the recent slew of victory records releases , not to mention the wide variety ; one can be to say the least skeptical of any of their assortment of new releases . however , picking through all of the less notable releases from the label , the up-and-coming band , the forecast , have stepped to the plate and scored a home run on late night conversations . the forecast are a perfect blend of male and female vocals over a very modern rock soundtrack , executed flawlessly over a ten song full length . late night conversations is an album confronting different topics ranging from relationships to the teen trend of mutilation and loathing . the harmonies arranged by both vocalists are undeniably catching and well written and the music follows closely in suit leaving your head bobbing back and forth to the beat and your feet tapping almost involuntarily . the forecast is not only a great recorded band , but bring the same toe tapping energy to the stage , with both great stage presence and cohesion as a band . the forecast will defiantly be one of the new big bands in poppier rock music , and checking their victory records debut out is a must for fans of the genre . 
camera neg 144.txt image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day 
camera neg 602.txt after doing a bunch of research , i bought two of these for my teenage kids since they were said not to have the defective sony ccd that late model 2005 point-and-shoots all seem to have had . the first zamera lasted six months before the lcd display began to worsening exhibit dark striations . after a few days of that , the camera dies completely . the second camera made it another two months before falling prey to the same disease . one camera . . . a fluke maybe . but two ? that suggests a real problem so beware . 
health neg 742.txt i could n't even assemble the product , and there were no instructions on how to do so 
music neg 822.txt i like the music , but the sound quality is terrible . i bought this cd because it was released in 2003 , but there is zero improvement in sound quality from previous older tracks 
music neg 486.txt i 'm a huge fan of christopher lawrence 's stuff , but i aboslutely refuse to buy this cd because of the copy protection . i do not pirate music , and should be allowed to copy music i purchase onto my mp3 player of choice . this is just sad 
books pos 666.txt this unusual love story , set with the background of war and rainy london is beautiful and intoxicating . the characters are palpable and beautiful both in their strengths and thoughts . an engrossing book ( i could n't put it down , yet i dreaded the end ) that should be read by anyone in search of beauty or life 
health pos 459.txt i get compliments all the time on this scent . it is one of my favorites . it smells exactly like cotton candy . its fun , flirty , and nostalgic of childhood romps at the fair ! if you like sweet edible scents , then this one is for you 
music pos 330.txt feinstein is in love with the gershwins and that passion is never made clearer than in pure gershwin . michael 's love affair with ira 's lyrics , his reckless abandon to the light-hearted spirit of the familiar - - and lesser known - -phrases , more than makes up for the less polished vocal production in this early album . in fact , it is that very element that sells these songs as i 've never heard them elsewhere . michael pulls out all stops , embracing the less-than-lily-white additional verses of & quot ; embraceable you&quot ; , with the unbridled passion of a first time lover . his duet with rosie clooney arrouses my curiosity about the movie in which this unknown number made its debut . what a delightful approach michael demonstrates throughout... . oh , to be that young and exuberant about life , love and music again 
music neg 163.txt as much as i have been a lifelong fan of black moon and buckshot in general this album just lacked the ironically titled " chemistry " between buckshot and 9th wonder . the beats were a bit lackluster and boring and rides that razor thin line of boring and laid back with most of the beats raiding the boredom zone . they are working on a part two so i hope they take their times to create something permament rather than something disposable as this album was . 
dvd pos 354.txt i enjoyed this wholeheartedly . mainly because wwe did a little tweak on the formula . instead of mimicking the one-time use of the flair dvd formula or using the formula that everyone else gets this three disc sets spreads everything around . all the featured stars get their own video package highlighting parts of their career that made them famous or recognizable . then every wrestler gets their own match , some of which overlap which makes things interesting . although we do see some perennial " best of " favorites it was nice to see some obscure pieces of footage . who would have guessed sal bellomo would be on a dvd in the 2000's . if wwe continues releases with rarer footage , i think they 'll have a better chance at impressing the older members of the fanbase 
music neg 969.txt this album bores me out of my mind . only two decent tracks : bad boys and bonnie and clyde . and i 'm no avid radio listener . bet and mtv actually hit the nail on the head with these tracks . so i guess they good for somethin 
software neg 200.txt i spent the last 3 hours trying to get support for this product . although the site did not reject me it sent me through loops to get an " update " that when run , errored out as soon as it began 
books pos 168.txt it shows the power of god and what he wants to do in our lives if we 'll simply obey him . how many rhees howells has god raised up but because they would n't walk with him , god was n't able to use them . i would say this is a terrifying book because i know this is something that god wants from every believer . let 's walk with jesus and see what he wants to do in our lives . regardless of our age or function in the body of christ , we can all be prayer warriors . will you ( and will i ) be warriors in the prayer closet ? that 's one the important questions that jesus is asking his church in these last days 
books pos 350.txt there is a reason this book has sold over 180 , 000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must . 
camera neg 612.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
camera neg 74.txt 1 year old.. . 3 e18 errors 2 battery erros shipped back for service 4 times ! search the net for e18 before you buy ! 
books neg 927.txt patronizing , dreadful , insincere , badly written book . i cut my losses after about four chapters of this fool 's memoir . i do n't recommend it 
health neg 323.txt yes , that 's right . this worked for me for only one day . what a disappointment 
health pos 290.txt this is such a great product for nursing moms . it is not bulky and is reliable to keep leaks from happening . for a mom , this was a lifesaver for me to allow me to go outside without being embarassed by having a wet shirt 
camera neg 956.txt i own many sony products , including a sony cybershot dsc-f717 , which i love . however , i am very disappointed by this camera , the sony cybershot dsc-t5. i bought the t5 for my mother and father as a present . it is small , lightweight , portable ; easy to use ; and stylish . it does take nice photos in brightly lit environments , especially outside . however , after several months of use , a few problems have become consistently evident : ( 1 ) there is horrible red-eye ( and white-eye ) artifact in many pictures . the so-called " red-eye reduction " setting does nothing . ( 2 ) dim-light photography is very grainy , with lots of noise . night-time photography is impossible . these problems are not unique to our camera.. . you will find many corroborating reviews above . overall , i am very disappointed in this camera , and wish i could exchange it for something else . do not buy this camera . other reviewers suggest the t7 or t9 take much better pictures ( and they are still small pocket-size cameras ) . 
camera pos 658.txt small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to 
camera pos 582.txt very happy with our camera ! perfect condition and quick arrival 
dvd neg 203.txt i only gave this movie one star because it is against amazon 's rules to give it no stars . after hearing that this was a christian movie , i could not wait to watch it . however , this movie has nothing in common with christianity , quite the contrary , this is the most anti-christian movie that i have ever seen ; it promotes murder and other unsurpassable evil . the movie started out horribly and just continued to get worse . for instance , the beginning of the movie was shockingly pornographic . in a supposedly " christian " movie i did not expect to be bombarded with this . after seeing this i did not expect that the movie could possibly get worse . however , i was greatly mistaken . later in the movie the main character , who was remarkably unsympathetic , met several of her christian co-workers who were talking about something they called " the pearl dream . " intrigued , the main character asked them what this dream was . of course , they were unable to answer because it is complete nonsense . none the less , the main character continues to review what her co-workers have told her about christianity over the years . as the movie plods along , generally confusing and boring the viewer , she comes to the decision to give up her sinful lifestyle and turn to god . when this event transpired i assumed , wrongly , that from this point forward the film would redeem its beginning and maybe even say something good about christianity . this , however , is where the movie went form being merely bad to astoundingly sacrilegious . then , the main character and her young daughter set out for the desert . due to a vague dream , they believed that this was god 's will and that he would appear in the desert and take them to heaven , in other words " rapture " them . how they came to this assumption i was never quite sure . the movie often made ludicrous statements which never made the slightest amount of sense . i became extremely weary trying to deduce what was happening . nothing that took place in this movie was remotely biblical nor was it well explained . as time passed our characters continued to sit in the desert , boring the viewer to tears . they begin to suspect that god was not coming to gather them to heaven and they started to despair . this is where the movie became intolerably anti-christian ; the mother took her daughter up to a mountain and asked her to kneel . she then forced her daughter to pray . after the prayer was concluded she took a gun from her dress and shot her crying daughter , supposedly to send her to heaven . she " believes " that she is doing god 's will . obviously , she was such an idiot that she failed to read that the bible that strictly forbids murder . afterwards , she is sent to prison , where we hope to see her suffer for her cruel , viscous , and insurmountably stupid act . as she is sitting in her cell , blaming god for the murder of her daughter , that she willingly committed ( if she had half a brain cell she would have realized that she was doing satan 's will , not god 's ) , she hears trumpets and the cell walls start to fall in . a few scenes pass , in which the ghost of her daughter returns and tries to redeem her faith . she , however , refuses . then , she is taken to a dark room , that the viewer is supposed to believe is some supernatural place where judgment takes place , and asks if she loves god . she replies no , because she blames him for her insanity . the film concludes with her standing stupidly in a dark room , that failed to represent eternity . most of the aspects included in the film were never explained . such as the significance of " the pearl dream . " nor was it explained why they believed that they needed to wait in the desert . how did they contrive this ridiculous idea from a vague , ambiguous , and utterly vapid dream anyway ? none of these questions were ever answered . this caused the film to feel incomplete . the stories between scenes shifted so drastically that i suspected i had missed several important scenes . after checking my dvd i realized that i had not accidentally skipped crucial scenes , because their were none . this film was deliberately ambiguous and vapid . also , the special effects , cinematography , and acting were about as good as a preschool play . none of the actors put any emotion into their roles . they recited their lines like drugged zombies ; i suppose even they realized it was complete rubbish and decided not to put much effort into it . to state the obvious , this film is a disgrace ! obviously , it is not biblically based . it does not represent christian philosophy which is to love others , not to wander around aimlessly in the desert acting like a fool . nor do christians promote murder , as this film implied . this movie has as much religious value as night of the blind nazi zombies . i am ashamed to see that such a complete travesty is labeled a christian film . this film is extremely anti-christian ; its main objective is to give the world the false impression that fundamentalist christians are brainwashed and are incapable of sane thoughts . this is not true , and yes , i can prove it . all the proof that you need is contained in the bible . if you stop hardening your heart and truly listen with an open mind then you cannot help but to see jesus loving message for the world . he does not desire to bring misery to the world , but happiness and love . the reason that there is misery in the world is because people , like those who made this film , disobey god . if we followed his loving rules then we would not suffer . i do not write this rather long review out of hatred , as i am sure many will accuse me of . i write this to warn people what this movie is really about . it is not a true christian movie like the left behind 's and the passion of the christ . and , yes i am aware that i will be bombarded by a slough of negative votes . however , i do not even faintly care . my beliefs , as a fundamentalist christian and my love of god is more important to me than a number on a page . also , i was shocked to read the other reviews on this forum , especially the one from the wiccan woman who said that she wished to see christians thrown to the lions as they were in the time of the romans . i have seen a lot of hatred in my life but her review was by far the worst i have ever see . christians love the world and those in it , we do not tell non-christians about christ to imply that we are " holier than thou " because we are not . all are equal under god 's eyes . we are all sinners and the only way to attain redemption is to accept god 's undeserved grace . we tell other people about god 's undeserved love because we want to save them and see them living in eternal joy in heaven . we do not rejoice to see people unsaved , we tell them about their condition because we want to see them saved . in other words , we tell people because we love them . also , for those of you who accuse christians of having a hatred of the world , why do you spew hatred in everything you say toward christians ? are n't you displaying the hatred that you claim you abhor ? in conclusion , this is the worst movie ever made . it is anti-christian , immensely sacrilegious , poorly acted , poorly written , vapid , mind numbingly dull , disjointed , tortuously long , etc. in short , this film is an abomination . it is massively offensive to christians and is a massive misrepresentation of christian values . also , the acting is abysmal and the story line hopelessly confusing . if you wish to watch a film that accurately portrays christian values then i recommend watch " the passion of the christ " or the left behind movies . i hope that this review will help you ; it was written with love and concern . i shall keep you in my prayers . have a wonderful new year . in christ , ravenova also recommended : the left behind and the ravenloft book series 
dvd neg 642.txt this has always been a favorite film of mine . the story is old-fashioned yet fun and the cast is divine . despite having the vhs , i wanted more and ordered the dvd . beware ! this dvd claims on its packaging to have closed captioning , but it does not ! ! no subtitles in any language , no line 21 captioning . nor does it have anything else . " interactive menus " means scene selections . this plain vanilla release does n't even have a trailer . this film and cast deserves better and i see no reason lion 's gate reissued this dvd with nothing added . since i bought it online , i ca n't return it and neither lion 's gate nor artisan will take it back despite the error in labeling and false advertising which is not the fault of the people i bought it from 
health neg 344.txt after a very positive review by a popular consumer magazine , i purchased this scale . on the unit i received , the upper weight range appears to be overstated by some 20 lbs . the scale i was previously using and the one in my doctors office clearly have my weight below the 300 lb limit . i have been lifting weights and somewhat discouraged by the scale alone . i wanted to see if i was having an impact on body fat so i purchased this scale . when i attempt to use this scale , it errors out with the ol code . perhaps the magazine should retract another article 
camera pos 690.txt i really wanted a 3ccd model , but since i 'm just starting out and need to buy other stuff , like a tripod , monopod , media , firewire adapter card , camera bag , etc. this fits the budget nicely and it is compact enough to carry it anywhere . yes the usb connection does work , yes firewire does work , although it took me a minute to figure out that a connection problem was the fault of the video software version i was using , not the fault of the camera 